Do not go cheap on the important things in life. This hospital is truly 4 stars. However, this comes with a caveat. A good hospital does not necessarily cure your illness. A good a doctor is what you need and hospital is the infrastructure that helps you recover. Therefore, when you are looking for a solution to your illness, you should start by finding a doctor who up to your standards. This hospital is up to it.
No 'Patient First' policy. Neurology department is very poor, typically Dr. Madhuri Bihari. She treats her patients as mannequins and has changing opinions about the same problem. Doubt if she is an expert. Moreover we faced problems with nurses and attendants who are not proactive and quick in their response. They are good initially but as time passes by, delays start to creep into the process. 
Extracting money is their main focus. Very bad at communication, I think it's intentional. They don't tell clearly what they are doing or going to do or even what they did. At the end when you given an unreasonable bill. But they still won't tell you what's the next step. It's like a very very costly neverending suspense movie.
Worst experience. 
Administration is the god here and have all the power. The problem is when idiotic morons have powers. 
They made the post op patient shift to some lounge and made us wait for 7 hours. They kept blaming the insurance guys haven't cleared the mail. Later we got mail frm office that the insurance had cleared everything within 1.5 hrs. 
At 3 pm, we got so fed up with waiting that we said we will pay in cash and not wait for insurance. Still They took 3.5 hrs to process our papers!!! The patient got severe back spasms and excruciating pain in the operated area by the end of it. Such horrible processes and they don't look at patient while following silly rules.
Worst Patients Care!! 

We recently delivered our baby in this hospital. Thank GOD, we had Dr. Sutopa as saviour there!! Else, we would have been in real trouble. 

There are long list of issues with this hospital starting from long waiting for getting your patients admitted, dirty washrooms with no toiletries, hardly any attention on time to the patient by non-medical staff, and no action taken even after complaining to so called patient welfare department. 

We were told on the day of discharge from the hospital that the birth certificate will be ready in 1-2 days, you may collect anytime. We visited hospital after 7 days, spent 45 minutes running around from second floor to ground floor, from this decision to that division and finally we were told - sorry sir Medical Supretendent is not in the office today - we can't give you the certificate without his sign. I travelled 30 KM one way to collect hospital issued certificate but we didn't get it. This doesn't even happen in government hospitals these days. 

I don't even want to give one start for its service but Dr. Sutopa is the reason we are little peaceful about this. Hope Forties retain its name by improving the quality of on time services.
