Good doctors, but poor service from staff. Hospital doesn't maintain any proper records and provide discharge without any proper documents. Documents which they provide does not match with their own records. So  go to this hospital for any general treatment not for specialized treatments.
Be it doctors or staff every1 is running after the money in their own ways.
They tell you 22000 for normal and 32000 for c section delivery
But end up the bill with some 85000 for normal delivery.
Better chose from some normal hospial instead of these decoits.
99% cases they do a c-section v fond ourselves lucky enough in that regard.
They scare you in last min and will make it to OT for 30 mins least and 30000 is what they charge for 4 stiches after getting the consent signed and scaring you to the core.
Really avoid these commercialised 5 star hotels and be practical..........
And evn if you are thinking of an exclusive painful holiday package you are most welcome in shanti gopal hospital
They are waiting.....
I visited shanti gopal hospital on 2 ocassions. Once for my surgery of pilonidal sinus handled by Dr. Sudhir tyagi and recently for delivery of my wife handled by Dr. Divya Agarwal. I should say both of these doctors are brilliant and takes great care of there patients. The hospital staff and administration is providing great care to the admitted patients round the clock. Everybody was very cooperative and there are systematic procedures in place for everything. The cleanliness and hygine is commendable. Overall the services and care provided by the hospital its doctors and staff is beyond the expectation and will not be heavy for your pocket. I have been in touch with Dr. Divya for a long time and I do recommend her for all pregnancy cases.
Good hospital. Reasonable fees. Kept clean. Staff not great though. And missing on lots of front. 
Unprofessional rude staff, poor customer service,no empathy, commercialized, biased, breach of policies & procedures is a full time job there. What else haan. Dr. Sanjay Garg(Gastro) is never punctual, was late by 2hours from his time, does not have etiquette to talk to the patients. First & the last time visited this hospital
