A money trap for foreigners specially for poor Afghan nationals, without asking they will directly bill you 30% interpreter charges and too many extra items. You need to negotiate or the final bill make you heart attack. When you ask for estimation look at each item carefully and negotiate. Doctor is important not the hospital so try to select a good doctor.
I have been taking my child regularly for vaccination. But, today I had a very bad experience. Before that I want to mention that, since the time Saket City Hospital has been taken over by Max Hospital the overall functioning has become bad. For instance, earlier parking was free, now they charge for it. 
Today, my child got vaccinated under the supervision of Dr. Shashi Shekhar Singh and the 2 drops Oral Polio Vaccination was charged for Rs. 100. I was shocked to hear that. It is not the question of Rs. 100, but the thing which is supposed to by free by law(as per Government) is being charged.
I guess, the current management is more inclined towards money-making via business within hospital.
The hospital lacks ethics, integrity and respect for human... No matter how good the hospital looks the intention is to squeeze you as much as the last drop of money is taken out.

I attended the hospital and was asked to do several tests including blood, MRI, CT and X-ray.  It was frustrating when the doctors did not glance at the results except the X-ray. This would mean to me that all the rest of the tests were unnecessary but I paid 53000R to do them and stayed an extra day for the results to be produced. Besides the money they take I don't know about the risks involved when one goes into all those machines,

After visiting the doctor, I was scared to death for not attending to the hospital on time and was advised to do a surgery. The estimate given to me for the operation was between 7 to 11 hundred thousand...I sought a second opinion from a few doctors outside india. I was releaved to hear that the problem was common and that I should not rush for the surgery. I was recommended to meet another hospital here in Delhi that was more specialised on the subject. I went to the hospital and after they looked at the X-ray, and measurement a different degree to the illness was given. They recommended a chest brace. I paid 6500R for brace. To respect the process I went back to Max to say that I was not ready for the operation. Max recommended that in that case I needed a brace to the neck and that a chest brace will not work...a brace to the neck will cost me 20000R and I have to wait and pay the hotel bills for 5 extra days.

Who to trust and who to believe in Delhi specially health care ,when ethics is missing, remains a mystery all together. 

Gone are the days that strong humanly hearts existed in simply built walls. Here we are not for 5 star hotels but simple heartedly treatment...
One of the best hospitals  in Delhi though it is expensive also. Staff is very polite and well trained. Some doctors are really good.
It's a very reputable hospital. Doctors are nice. International patients from round the globe come here for all kinds of treatments.
