I have a thyroid problem and I have to do the blood test for that every third month and so far I have been going here for my blood test. The place is well maintained and clean .

the work here is done systematically.

After the test result is out even they upload the result on internet in your account.they treat patients very nicely I mainly go here because of the cleanliness and good service which they offer.

plus the tests don't even take more than 3 days for results to come.I  am a satisfied customer I will suggest this lab to others too.
GNH Hospital is best hospital in Gurgaon. All the facilities are available here..The staff here is very good and professional. I'm very happy. Good Luck..
GNH Hospital in Gurgaon is amongst best hospital. GNH Hospital has very good ambience, competent and friendly doctors, staff at GHN will never make you feel away from home
My friend injured his knee (minor) during sports and we rushed him to neelkanth hospital (Near Guru Dronacharye metro station) because he was in pain, Neelkanth charged Rs1800 and done nothing apart from pain killer injection. Next day we consulted GNH hospital Dr. Yash (Ortho), From here is why GNH is 5 star for me.
1) Hygiene :- Clean and even bed sheet are covered with white paper which will be removed after every consulting.
2) Professional :- Doctors were well dressed and will discuss the problem.
3) BEST PART: they won't charge you anything just to make profit. They are surely not like Gabbar movie. Doctor Yash said that he has called for physio therapist but if it is not physio case we have to go for MRI. And Physcio (A girl I don't remember the name) seems less experienced but worked professionally in 10min cured my friend by analyzing the fact that his patella got locked and need to be placed again on right position. Rather than getting profit out of patient (by unnecessary MRI) they do what is only necessary.
5. Even Doctor first concern was to look for some nearby hospital to take 2-3 sittings of physio sessions, shows are are concerned about patient and not money. 
4. They gave ultrasound, EVC (or something similar), Ice pack to my friend. Keeping my wallet ready to pay some heavy amount they charged only Rs500 :O.

For such hygienic and quality treatment (Ortho) I highly recommend them at least Dr. Yash and Physio there (2 girls both look inexperienced but are really talented). 

PS: I have only consulted ORTHO and will surely recommend them.
This is the one step solution under one roof.This is the best hospital with the best doctors
