Best private hospital in alwar. As poor people can also get facilities properly. Dr. Solanki have a very very good experience.
I will give rating out of 5 like this :
Cleanliness - 3
Supporting Staff - 3
Doctors - Should be more experienced (rating is 2 or 3)

Doctors just want to earn money,  unnecessary admit, unnecessary ICU, unnecessary drama

My bhabhi is suggested for operation of kidney stone by Dr. Awadh Aggarwal (M.C.H urologist, doctor is good). He is not in the strength of Solanki hospital but hospital call him for surgery.
One of the doctor "Sanjeev Singhal" give us date of surgery without asking or confirming about availability of Dr. awadh on 24-10-2016. I requested him a lot of time please first confirm to Dr. Awadh for surgery on this date and then call us but he refused and rebuked us that this is our matter not yours. One more thing that I want to mention here that Government has decided some price or package for surgery but they are charging just double or triple of that without providing bill.
When we are talking about these thing one villager came and requested to doctors(Dr. Sanjeev singhal and 1 more) that my brother is serious please admit him, doctors are not listening him properly,I shouted on doctors why you are not listening and attending the patient then they just ask his brother about condition on their chairs only. They didn't went to patient, he was on the road till that time they simply refused him to admit.(Ohh my god why they have forgetten that "Sabse pehle hum sab insaan hai baki sab baad me koi doctor hai,koi teacher etc.")
My bhabhi got admit on 24-10-2016, glucose drip started,all paper formalities done then they said that Dr. Awadh is not available today, operation will held tomorrow.Then I said to Dr. "Sanjeev singhal" that this is unnecessary admission of today but he is not having any manners and said "you feel that this is unnecessary but i don't". we all relaxed in private ward for 1 day like that we came here for picnic.
Surgery done by Dr. Awadh succesfully next day. But I think that in alwar there are not good hospitals options so they take advantage of this.If possible please avoid this hospital.
Best facilities hospital in Alwar
Good health services
Good
