It's just a hospital next door. Good when you can't go to larger and better hospitals. Not very clean. Excessively money minded so be careful. Use your mind and discretion.
Poor service. We went to this hospital at 11 PM for a friend down with chuknguniya. For us it was cashless and my friend was entitled for a separate room with an extra bed for attendant. Somehow They managed to give a bed in the general ward.They can't even provide proper bed to the patient and the attendant has to sit outside whole night. The general ward was more like a fish market and I bet no one can sleep properly. They made us to go through various tests. The doc was supposed to come next morning.We kept following up for the doc but doc came and left at 2 PM and we had no clue about when he came and left. Best part was he forgot to see the patient. They kept on providing glucose sline. When we asked doc has not yet come.They called the doc and doc said he will come at 6 PM. As we are still sitting here we are planning to shift to another hospital. Let's see...My sincere advise is avoid this hospital as much as you can.
Very unhygenic. Smells of strong phenyl. ICU ward are very dirty. Doctors and staff are good but delayed response.
The hospital is beyond pathetic. The doctors are illiterate, gutka eating, rowdy bunch of tricksters who don't pick up the phone even if a patient calls them 1 hr after consulting them. I gave a call to a doctor named Tarun Goel to get some clarity about a medicine. He said he doesn't have time and hung up on me. The hospital is run by piratically zero staff, except for the money collecting loudmouth, goon clerk and a medical shop for further pick-pocketing patient's money. There is no staff for attending patients.You have to find your way around. In short GOD help  you if you ever visit the pathetic Paras Hospital. It's not a hospital it's a trap.
It's a worst experience....even AC  is not working in deluxe room for which I have paid 7000 rs....unprofessional nurses and staff...
