This  might be the worst hospital in India, if we consider the culture, service and treatment charges. They follow very bad practices of making money in a profession that is considered to be noble. The patients suffering from pain ,trauma,disease,handicap or deficiency look towards doctor for relief as he looks towards God.  And this hospital and its kind have deteriorated the nobility of this profession to such an extent that they can be compared with butchers, whose main purpose is getting money by killing the livestock. Jaipur Golden is pioneer of what I must say Captive Capitalism, they have a network of small hospitals in Delhi who create panic situations in front of patients and then recommend Jaipur Golden to them, assuring them of right treatment and right price even promising them of discount by their reference. But once you are in, their is no escape. There is no display of cost of treatment, they give loose estimates which fail every time and you end up paying 4-5 times of the estimates. The doctor referencing you disappears or backtracks denying you of any help. Even you are bound to buy the medicines from their in house Pharmacy franchisee at MRP, whereas pharmacies in front of their main gate and elsewhere give 20-40% discount. They take away our freedom of availing the best price in free competitive market. While admitting they will waste the day time and create your file in the late evening so that you cant inquire much about the cost factor. The public relation officer is inaccessible most of the time, even if you some how catch her she will flee in seconds with the alibi of meeting with Medical  Superintendent, who herself is cold blooded Business development officer in disguise of MS. She will never hear your side of story, even if you have reached her after days of chasing. If you inquire or complaint you are her biggest enemy, and all the staff is directed to mistreat and misbehave and they do exactly the same. Only Ms Jyoti of the account department and the security staff are polite and reasonable in their work. In all this process you loose time, money and hope and there meter is running. Even the quality of treatment is low, trainee doctors are deployed as supervisors at neonatal ward where premature babies are kept. One doctors prescribes an injection and other stops and warns for its use after due checking whereas the first one persists to use it. Complete chaos isn't it. The story is long and paining, I will come up with a blog and update here sometime. I warn everyone of avoiding going to this hospital without complete and proper info in writing.
A very good hospital for heart treatment. My experience was excellent, good doctors and medical staff.
The worst hospital with no courtesy even towards small baby . They talk about protocols but never stick to there on words .. very money minded and heartless people with high headed ego from OPD staff at reception to higher level 
Never visit such hospital 
The worst hospital experience ever in my life
Good hospital . Doctors are really nice and even nurses do care for the patients . I had my experience and it was wonderful . thank you Dr PC Prasad 
 for my treatment but your bad thing is you don't leave the patients easily and make
Good care and service. Surprisingly, much better than expected !!
