All they want is to financially exploit you. You can easily identify the interns pretending to be doctors. They don't know how to give an injection. Always leaves a lump behind. If you get admitted here, you will be left with a long bill and you will keep wondering why
Looters not doctors.There is Dr himanshu(general physician) who loots like anything.He usually will call u after 5 days(as their fee is valid for 5 days) and say We need to change medicine every 5 days.,We cant continue with these medicines for more than 5 days.Once I came 5th day,he said keep continuing with previous medicines,No problem.Now How could I continue for more than 5 days.....Looteed 10000..Then I visited Aiims where dr said that some doctors do this and give these medicines to loot patients.There dr gave me 1 month medicine and I m v v fine now.WHICH MEANS Dr (as they say) HIMANSHU IS A LOOTER NOT DOCTOR........Kindly dont visit here.
Worst,Pathetic receptionist who are always busy talking to each other and talk like they are hero and have Not even a single Ethic of talking.They pretend to be super busy in some professional talks with some girls(front desk).The doctors are even more worse like hell.Dr Naresh pandita is a ortho dr who knows well how to loot patients and dont even know what the problem is exactly before treating.Just a gang of looters in this hospital.DONT EVEN THINK TO VISIT THIS WORST HOSPITAL.
We certainly had a great birth experience!
Thank you to the team of awesome Doctors, Caregivers, & Staffs...We feel like I couldn't have been in any other better hands on the day our little princess came into this world.
Both Dr. Bindu Ma'am & Dr. Teena are amazing...could feel the personal touch every time we meet them. They are the best!!!
MONEY MINDED DRS LOOTING PATIENTS. Drs generally ask u to come after 5 days as they say we need to change medicines after 5 days bz their fee is valid for 5 days.They also recommend v costly medicines like hell.Medicins will giv u quick heeling which will last for fw days only....These people r just playing with health of patients....
