This hospital is so unprofessional, it's a shame. I was traveling from Delhi to rishikesh when I came in the emergency ward with my friend who had stomach ache and the doctor gave him a voveron injection without even asking any history of drug reactions/sensitivity. He didn't even inform us that he was giving him an injection and what it was for. We had to ask the doctor. After taking the voveron injection we were on the road again as we were travelling and within 30 minutes my friend got an anaphylactic reaction. His face and hands started to itch and swell and he had difficulty breathing. We were lucky that we were near roorkee and got to a military hospital which took care of the my friend and immediately put him in ICU. En route to roorkee I had called the doctor to tell him that my friend was having the above mentioned symptoms and asked him if it was an anaphylactic reaction to which he said that there was nothing to worry and advised us to take an avil over the counter. 
I would advise people to be extra careful with this hospital and avoide it if possible. And maybe the doctor should be sent back to medical school for proper history taking and bed side manners classes. These are people's lives they are messing with.
Shame on you Evan multispeciality hospital.
You know what's wrong with the people of Muzaffarnagar, People are just blindly giving 5 star to the hospital without justifying it or giving any proper points (believe me, most of them had never been there and are just impressed by high class look and big infrastructure). Guys, please don't rate anything (good or bad) unless you are morally authorized to do so.

Coming to the hospital review, it's misfortune of the city that we don't have good hospitals and doctors. This hospital, when it was started, gave people enough hope to get the good treatment locally without referring the patient to Meerut/Delhi; but overall it is failed to meet the people's expectations.

My Experience: Viral fever was going viral in the city and my uncle got the same. His body temperature was more than 103°F and on the same night we took him to this hospital. We took emergency services and got him admitted in emergency ward at 10:00 PM. As usual, like all other hospitals, the nursing staff came and started their not-so-special treatment which includes glucose bottle and other formal things. They said - doctor (Dr. Pankaj Jain) will come and see the patient shortly. We waited, waited and waited and at midnight 01:00 AM asked them again - When will doctor come? As expected, we got the same answer again - doctor will come shortly.
We waited till 7:00 AM in morning, whole night the doctors didn't visit the emergency ward. Then we asked them to release our patient and took him to another hospital. Evan hospital changed us the full amount to avail their emergency services without sending any doctor to see the patient (Here I am not concerned about my money, just pointing that how they are running this hospital like a shop and how they have changed the noble profession of the doctors to the businessmen).

Conclusion - What the Fish !!! What's the meaning of "Emergency" ward in hospital if the doctors can't come and see the patient. Don't trust this so called Multi-Speciality hospital, Go to the hospital/doctor you trust. In case of any emergency, better to go Meerut/Delhi directly because even this hospital will charge you same as the good hospitals in Meerut/Delhi will do. Money doesn't matter, you can buy a good Health Insurance policy up to 10 Lakhs cover just for 5000/- in advance, it will be useful for your loved ones in unforseen situations. Rest up to you, decide wisely to avoid any regrets later. I hope it helps.
hmm It's Awesome and nice one of the best hospitals in the entire region. Care, diagnosis and advice is very good. Patient is very well taken care of.
Very good & sophisticated hospital
One of the best hospitals in the entire region. Care, diagnosis and advice is very good. Patient is very well taken care of.
