Its fake, its centre of some company which sales products on tv.
They give same set of medicines to all patients, whatever  disease you have medicines will be the same.

Mah favourite place
Excellent upcoming Multi-Speciality Hospital in Muzaffarnagar.
Dr punit is very nice persone .
Very nice  doctors and nice staff ..  good facilities  for patients  and caring staff . 
My Experience is really good in this hospital ..
Very nice & Sincere Doctor & Staff ...
Very supporting and caring doctor & staff !
Well they know there responsiblities
Accurate
It's good facilities bt it is very expensive 
Good facilities 
Emergency
On road
nice hospital .i like it.
One of the best hospital in Bharatpur 
Good but costly... 
There hav good staff
Good Staff.
Well known hospital in Karnal, specially in Sector 7
Sec 7. Best hoapital...
Good
its not a hospital .its a dispensary . wrong information
good but crowdfull.it should be better facilities for everyone.
Its Delhi Government hospital 
Best team of Doc for joint replacement under the guidance of Dr. Surya Bhan ( Best in world) 

Thank u so much sir.. my grandfather is now walking freely without pain and all credit goes to you.ðŸ™

Clean environment internally as well as externally 

May god bless you all. I must not fail to particularly commend Mr. Anurag Sharma of the internal desk for his wonderful public relations, very patient, carried our job to the best of his ability above all representing the hospital in line with international best practices.
Helpful doctors... polite helping staff... well mannered and helpful attendents.. overall my experience has been pretty good..
Clean and hygienic hospital with highly proficient medical faculty. Takes a lot of time to get through the front desk. Doctors often prescribe medicines that are available only in the in-house drugstore. Overall expensive. Don't go here if you don't need surgery.
Service is poor. But the lab is awful. I have been told by doctors many times already not to do my tests in Primus lab. To get your report you have to come at a given time then you will be asked to come in two hours then tomorrow and only when you go downstairs to the lab they will tell you that sample is lost. At least this is the truth. Sometimes after Primus tests (with normal results) people did the same tests in different labs and were getting absolutely different results. Food for thought...
I'm a staff member in Dr.pasricha Hospital..&I'm so happy go lucky person who get a chance to work in this Hospital.  I'm glad to b part of this Hospital 
Dr.Saab is very nice...& staff is also good
  Gr8 ....experience...
Very much good hospital 
Good hospital
nice facility
Excellent hospital for eye surgeries. Dr Jaideep, trained from AIIMS, is giving quality treatment to us. Hospital staff is very caring.
I feel the prabha eye hospital is the best hospital in palwal city 
Because I meat many a times and every time i satshfied from the staff,Doctor and the treatment .

Being an optometrist  I also said the hospital will be at the top of the world wise .
Nice hospital , dedicated patient care , compassionate patient care at reasonable price.
Good qualified doctor with exlnt service according to palwal
Very good doctor
Very good hospital... Dr. Chauchan is very good
good
A hospital which is very hard to find fault with! all around great experience always from my wife's checkup till my daughter's birth. From the Ob-Gyn to the pediatrician everyone is absolutely amazing. Especially Dr.Urvashi, Calling her busy is an understatement. She's super busy as much as she's super DEDICATED & SUPER Zen-like-patient & calm(her greatest asset & a patients delight). Apart from her not having her kind of calm & experience same thing goes for her team of doctors & nurses. Dr. Urvashi is a doctor to emulate for every doctor-to-be & to have by your side. Their pantry makes the best, tastiest & healthy samosas, which probably saved my life while I was running around.

Few things they can refine is 
1. Put up an appointment availability graph/chart for Dr.urvashi online. 
2. I'm not choosing another hospital or doctor for money-sakes but PLEASE get some tie-ups with more insurance carriers.
3. For  Doctors & nurses & other staff have their food on time.
4. Reduce the waiting time for consultations with appointments.
Going through childbirth is a mix of immense pain followed by immense happiness. In this journey, the presence of a wonderful doctor is simply priceless. Thanks doctor, for comforting me and taking away all my stress.I am so thankful for being under the care of very capable and wonderful doctor (Dr. Urvashi and Dr. Deepak sehgal).
Excellent healthcare services for maternity care . Dr Sehgal has really maintained best in terms of services and care . Our daughter in law got her delivery done last month at Phoenix hospital  by Dr Santosh Dhar and Dr Poonam Bazaz . Keep up the good work.
I m fully satisfied.. wonderful doctor nd very supporting staff..
I'm enjoying every minute of my pregnancy because Dr. Urvashi and team are my doctors. I have never had such immense faith for any doctor whether in India or abroad. Highly recommended!
Nice Hospital.
very professional managed hospital
I born here on 5/8/1978
Worst hospital of modipuram, it's interior is good but service and doctors are rediculas.
It is on the highway 58 and near to modipuram flyover.
Their is a police station and dma school just beyond to it.
It's easy to find on NH58.Near a modipuram bypass at starting point of flyover emergency services also available 24 hours service. 
nice working
Area super
Dr. Veena katyal is soo nice of nature .... good staff....
On main road!!
Easy to found
Good hospital
I like it
@weeeee$ome!!!!:):):);)
Good
Maternity home & children hospital
It is the one of the best hospital in this area. Excellent service provided by hospital team . Consultant and nursing care is very impressive and equipped with modern facilities. All staff is very co-operative and feel like homely enviornment .
It's been a feeling of immense satisfaction after visiting this hospital. The ambience and the interaction by the doctors and staff at this corner of Delhi has been very satisfying. This hospital is giving quality care with excellence, which was long awaited in this area....kudos to the administration.
Good hospital with great ambience. Staff is well mannered and caring. Doctors are experienced. I had good experience in the hospital
It was a very good experience there. Extremely reliable and responsible working staff along with the doctors. Handled with good care .
Tarak is one such hospital which provide good service on reasonable rate. Hospitality and Doctors are very good in terms of behaving and providing consultancy.
Best collage on ayurved field for study............
This college is my future
He is the best college and your future

What college mobile number
Bamc
They prescribed me wrong no for both eyes. my existing no is less they prescribed me 0.5 higher than existing. When i made specs of rs 5000 with prescribed number i am not able to see clearly thus new specs wastage for me because my eyes are 6/6 with my old one. i dont know why they carelessly examined. bad experience
Excellent cetre
Good doctor
Provides a commendable service, staff is knowing what they are doing and is very friendly. When I went to Dr. Vineeta she sat me down and explained how the test is going to go down I received a thorough examination and the tests were explained to me very carefully. I will recommend Dr.Vineeta to all my friends.
I've been visiting Drishti eye care for couple of years and it has been a great experience for me.  I've met both Dr. Vineeta & Dr. Arora and i've found them very helpful if not entertaining, LoL. They have a huge variety of frame selection and they can make any frame for your glasses.
Good hospitality services
Good for Trauma peasants.
good
Good,fast and professional service. Keep it up like this.
Good, clean with efficient doctors.Though they are slightly commercial (which hospital isn't). Had a gall bladder operation once(which I could have done without) and had to fight over the final bill. But overall good doctors.
Doctors are never on time, prescription says 5 pm , if you call they will tell u 6pm and doctor will come whenever he feels like , waiting for 1 hr and nobody knows where he is 7pm now
Good hospital and ECSH facility
One of the best hospital in Greater Noida.
Govt. Hospital free medicine very neat & clean staff is good over all very good
Ok! When I am writing this, I am in this hospital (admitted). And I must say their hospitality is better.
Medical facilities are good. Government Hospital 
Deep chand bandhu Hospital is only one govt hospital in ashok vihar locality..As for hospital cleaning is concern it is nice..Patients crowed less than any other govt hospital ...
Well managed cooperative staff
Found very clean hygienic n reasonable price..ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ
Spine surgeon dr harshwardhan Hegde in diabetic hospital can't understand.I am a patient of him.
Poor ENT doctor are not available in case of emergency .. and they are mentioning  multispecial hospital  .
Visited the hospital twice to cure my diabetic foot. In first visit they charged 1400 for consultancy, I met a doctor, he told me nothing about how to cure diabetic foot, just told me how to control sugar and also recommended another doctor. Today I met Dr. ashok (diabetic foot specialist) again I paid Rs, 1200 to meet the doctor, again he did nothing, just told me what I have I already known (asked me about medicines nd precautions I have been taking) then repeat the same thing. As many other's told me about this hospital was true, they don't care of their patients and just think of how to make money. Telling me, about the charges of hospital, dressing, operation, room (I'll take aftr the operation), just speaking about the MONEY.
Dr. B B Dash is very good doctor and nursing staff is very helpful. That's why I am giving three stars. But if you are planning to get admitted here than carry your food and linen,  the kitchen and kitchen service is dreadful. Food quality is below average and kitchen staff attitude is like government hospital. The linen they have in hospital is very old and dirty.
Visited this hosp when it was newly opened. It is a super expensive hospital. Dr. Anoop Mishra prescribed numerous tests for me costing around Rs.20,000 unnecessarily. I went for a minor thyroid problem and he asked me for all non sense tests. The clinic was newly opened so obviously they wanted to take full advantage from innocent patients. Finally went to another doctor who was surpised why I was told to get all these tests done.
Dont go to this money minting clinic !! 
Will never recommend the doctor and this hospital. 
Avoid at all costs.
Good hospital for emergency. .
Money making hospital... please avoid this kind of hospital... doctors look like evil even yamraaz... specially Mr Jain.. and Mr Gupta both r money makers
No professionalism ...only intention to make money. Rude behavior of doctors. Don't go here.
Good and affordable hospital 
Its really good hospital 
Excellent services by W Pratiksha Hospita! One of my friends had a neurological problem and he visited the Neurology & spine departments few months back. He is now doing well. I highly recommend this hospital. One of the top notch hospitals in India, W Pratiksha delivers its best every-time. We were extremely pleased with the service! Excellent doctors, staff, technology & infrastructure!
Very pampered services to babies and mother . Infrascture is awesome. Doctors use latest technology. Overall experience was fantastic but It was too much expensive ..(Ahh...I couldn't afford).
Honest staff. I had forgotten my credit card on the OPD billing counter. I called the front desk to ask them to try to locate the card. I returned back and luckily they had found it and returned it back to me. Great staff, cooperative & a really neat, clean and happy hospital.
My overall experience far exceeed expectations! Friendly staff and highly professional surgeon, doctor was very helpful as well. The interiors are modern, very well maintained, clean and conducive!
I visited to W Pratiksh Hospital for treatment of my ear drum hole. Since the first day of visit, i was well treated by Dr Geetalima Dutta. She has suggest for all the prerequisite required for my treatment. For the every followup she has treated very well. And at last day came for my surgery. All things went in very smooth manner. From the first day, i was admitted in hospital, every second i got good hospitality from hospital side,regular doctor visit, well house keeping. I was very satisfied with the hospital management end to end. 
All the very best..!!!
Staff and Doctors are good in behaviour. 
Well managed.

Good 
Super
Nice
Need bit improvement in terms of cleaning only. All fine and located not far from express way 
I'm looking for BME job in this hospital kindly mail me something in this.
Vipulverma266@gmail.
Thanks.
Costly in terms of treatment and fees. Reception should be more improved.
My daughter is 9 year old, , She had an skin infection. I took her to yatharth Greater noida to Dr. Praveen sethi. I told him she had excema, which she had history of. he didnt agree with me and gave lot of anti biotics to her. he said come after 10 days. for nearly 10 days we used his medicine and no effects including haeavy antibiotics. Then i found old excema cream from my closet and as soon as i aplied to my daughter she started healing. What type of fake daughters you hire? Is doctors make function is making money only. You should be ashamed of it else take action against this fake doctor
Only for money, better go to jaypee 
No doubt it's a good hospital. But despite being acclaimed as CENTRAL GOVERNMENT RECOGNIZED HOSPITAL,  the management of the hospital do not follow the protocol setup by the CENTRAL GOVERNMENT for Demonitisation . 

As per the government the validity of old currency was extended to 24 Nov 2016. Citizens can use old 500-1000 rupees note at hospital, schools or for paying utility bills etc. But despite of this staff at Sec-26 branch is forcing patients to pay either in new currency or with debit / credit card. 

The logic claimed by the staff is the hospital is a Private organization and this rule is applicable only to Govt. Organization.
I visited I-Care today as I've blur vision in my right eye. I met with Dr. Neha Goel there. As it was my first interaction with her, I expected she would listen to my problems properly and answer my questions. 

As per consultation process, she would resolve my doubts and would explain me about my disease properly.

But she dint allow me to speak anything, just explained everything in a robotic way with smile and asked me to go for some tests(Angiography and Tomography). Even she din't explain anything about them.

After completion of tests, I met her again and she repeated the same thing and asked me to leave. 

I'm completely dissatisfied with the way she responded. If I'm going for a treatment for most important component of my body, at least I've my rights reserved to know each and every thing about the decease and treatment plans and processes. I don't know why she was in much hurry and just trying to get rid of her patient.
Good hospital for eye problems in Noida with well trained staff.
My father got his cataract operation done here.The services are pretty good and the hospital provides upgraded technology at affordable prices.  The staff is experienced and warm.  Best in Eye care sector in Delhi-NCR. 
Its a good place- low cost eye hospital, accessible to almost the entire middle class. instead of only criticizing-0 we should try to appreciate the effort and imagine if such a focused eye hospital was not there- what to expect? OR  we should ask a question to self- that can I do this or create such a facility?
Great facilities. Very economical.
Perfect location. Very close to Bus Stand.
Best hospital for minimally invasive ,joint replacement,gynae and bariatric surgery. Recently my close friend underwent gastric sleeve with excellent results at affordable  price
Very good hospital with affordable prices. Dr. Renu Yadav is the best at what she does. Amazing experience overall.
Worst Hospital 0 class Doctors Have No Knowledge and High Charges
Best child specialist hospital in ballabgarh 
Excellent hospital and doctors.the doctors are from AIIMS Delhi .. The doctors and staff are caring...I will recommend this hospital to everyone. .
Great Healthcare Centre.... 
They just take money as much as they can.. It is better to find another one if you can
Clean and best service

Good hospital
Good
Good and best place for common people to get medical facilities
No discipline in staff, zero facility, stink bathroom, no proper seats, no inhouse ultra sound facility. Will have to stand outside for their turn. Atleast get some basic facility in clinic. Even the ramp is half broken at the enterance. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»
Good hospital
Good doctor 
Excellent maternity hospital
Best doctors & hospital staff
Thank you team TRITON for being ever so patient with us, answering our unending queries and helping us remain at ease. It was a pleasure to be treated at a place that for once doesn't smell like a hospital as I have Hospital phobia. Your ever smiling staff and their commitment towards  patients  is highly appreciated. I also would like to place on record a special thanks to the team of doctors, who made a critical medical procedure seem like a cake walk. Wish you a great success!
Amazing facility with state-of-art equipment, where one feels one is getting the best care. They have an extremely helpful and upbeat staff, very knowledgeable physicians who believe in keeping patients informed and include them in decision-making. A very clean hospital, beautiful ambience, tastefully decorated and furnished, unlike the rest of them seen mushrooming all around. My whole hearted support and good wishes to them!
Very good and well maintained hospital with almost all services and 24/7 emergency services. Located at the main road near Nehru Place. 
World class care excellent nicu n OT
Very well trained n cordial staff
Expert doctors team ðŸ‘ðŸ»ðŸ‘ðŸ»ðŸ‘ðŸ»
Excellent hospital with all the modern amenities and very friendly staff. The doctors here are very experienced. I would trust this hospital anytime for the the health care needs of my family.
nicely attended by doctors but washrooms was so dirty n stinky there was no soap or liquid hand-wash in washroom for patients n the bedsheet of our bed was stained with blood. There was lot of boards of swach bharat abhiyan but there was no swachta in hospital.
Good faculty....I Am happy
Good doctors and nurse are in orthopedic 
Very bad experience... Doctors are not knowing the proper address of lab and due to that patients are wandering...
Very Bad Service...
Bad Experience...
My mother had a problem of "Pitt ki Pathri".
We had taken her to Ambedkar Hospital, as this is the big hospital at Rohini.
She was very curious and excited that doctors would cure and save her.
But doctors didn't talk to her politely.
They have given 4 bottles of glucose in a single night (instead of giving the medicines of Pitt ki Pathri), yet, I think 2 was suffice.
But they had not given any medicines. We have taken our mother at home at 2pm.
She had been suffering from stomach pain for the whole night.
Even they didn't done the Ultra-Sound for my mother that where is the problem.
On next day, my poor mother died.

After that one of my relative was ill, they went to Ambedkar Hospital, they have given her also Glucose Bottles.
She also died.

After that My nephew ill, he went to Ambedkar Hospital, they given him 2 bottles glucose, he ran away from hospital...

They give Glucose Bottle to each patient whether any types of illness.

Doctors not talk politely, bad behavior. No suffice arrangements for patients.

Meri Mummy jeena chahti thi...
Excellent doctors, good patients management & specially best for eye patients!!
Gud..
But costly for middle class person
Very crowded
Ok
Rural branch of Navin hospital
Nice service 
Great facility for the Dadri residents. For ages Dr Navin Kumar has been serving the residents of this small town of Uttar Pradesh selflessly. The queues never seem to end outside his chamber but still the doctor sees every patient rich or poor with the same kind of devotion. Such doctors are rare these days. The hospital offers complete range of services in terms of consultation, diagnostics, hospitalization, surgeries, emergencies and intensive care. While most of the doctors these days prefer the metro cities, this highly qualified doctor from King George Medical College, Lucknow chose this small town to give his services. I hail this selfless spirit. Isn't service all about this
Good hospital with all facilities 
Good hospital

Easily reachable...
My best time in india. When I go outside from this hospital I was clean and have my feel never so good in the last 10 years.
Hello Doctors and Hello Sisters ;-)
Good hospital 
Good private hospital
Good hospital with excellent facilities.
They have hired goons in gaurds uniform who abuse at people on the road and dr. kalyan sachdev is completely silent about the same...... maybe he has given them the authority to do so,

think before you enter this place and the services the would offer and how they would treat you !!!!
21 years since I have been going there.. no problems till date... Great doc for children... Well maintained..!!
My birth place. Doctors and assistants here are very humble.
Support staff is worse. I guess I met Irfan in emergency who hardly knows how to speak. Shocked with his rude behavior. Will avoid going again.
Best doctor and nurse and other staff of the town. Nurse and doctor all very caring and great hospital ever go. For it.
I gone twice over there to get my diseases fixed but there were no good results.

Paying 600 bucks evrytime for nothing to too much.

I will never go there again.

Giving 1 star also is also making it overrated.
Suryadeep Hospital is a family hospital . Facilities are too good, effiecient staff, best Doctors of the town are working here.Dr Sanjeev Gupta is a gem of a person difficult to be found in today's society. Patients get best care  here. I give best wishes to Suryadeep Hospital to keep it up its qualities.
very nice hospital , doctors reception staff , nurses all very caring  true value for money . will recommend to everyone , had been to big corporate hospitals also , but  personal touch i receive here was matchless
Both knees of my wife were replaced at ISIC last June. She was in the private ward for about 10 days and we found the treatment very good and care, par excellence. Dr N Bhushan is simply the best and one should not think twice and consult him. As it look, the entire staff has given special orientation. Thanks Dr Bhushan. Though a bit expensive but after discharge advise/physio was quite satisfactory. 
1. Super Speciality Hospital 
2. Neat And Clean Environment
3. Caring Nursing Staff
4. Well Educated And Experienced Doctors

Very poor and rude behaviour on telephonic appointment booking. I was having very much pain and when i called for emergengy they told you will have to wait dont come same day and slightly cut the line. This shows how uneducated customer care staff serving there.
Very Bad experience.I was hit by Dr.Jaskirat Kaur as a revenge from Dr.Kshitja Bansal when we ended it up in an argument.Very unprofessional faculty n therapists.And negligence on the part of patients is very common.Ladies keep on knitting sweaters there
Booked appt for my dad with neurophyscian to get second opinion. And surely, the process were less complicated and doctor is okey. Doctor advised us for MRI scan and even on written protocol mention 
Superb
Outrageous charges for anything and everything and hardly any service. Hospital claiming to be 5star have one very slow lift in whole hospital which takes ages to move. Rooms not properly equipped. Nicu nurses very rude and possess no understanding of what patients are going through. Next time, if needed, I would prefer to go to smaller nursing home rather this big brand. To others - try to do research of potential expenses prior and monitor everything to avoid any nasty surprises.

> 21st century and still no hearing test in the hospital in year 2014 
    Who suffered? My baby. In need of Cochlear Implant now
> whose gain- Doctors
   A paediatrician,Dr. Raghuram R, who didn't check responsibly and totally disinterested about our observation regarding my baby's hearing. 
> if we invest so much of our money in a hospital for proper care/treatment of mother and child, what is your duty towards us, esp the baby?
Amazing experience during my pregnancy, prenatal yoga and delivery , Dr. Neena Bahl is very good and the staff of la femme is very co-operative especially nurses.
Pathetic experience.  They don't even know how to test a blood group. The reports had a wrong blood group, Wrong test results for one of the infection. One of the doctors was extremely rude and misleading. I don't recommend it to anyone.
Very Good experience for my pregnancy follow up and delivery. Dr Anjila was the best
Very good behaviour. Good patient care ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ™‚â˜º

Was admitted there for a couple of days. All the staff and doctor is very caring and attentive.
Very good behaviour of doctors and staff . Reasonably priced . 
Excellent doctors . Genuine and reasonable charges . Highly recommend. 
Good Manner to Talk Dr,  and Staff this So good
Good Hospital
Excellent ENT hospital. Very experienced doctor Dr. Mukesh Gupta. 
White dresse main daku h. hospital chor h dad body check karne ke 60000 le liye bach sako to bach jao koi mat jao
For Gynae & Maternity, We did not feel good experience. Staff is less and burdened. They have high pressure of management. No resident doctor to attend, they visit sporadically or On call. Nursing staff not polite, they behaves as if they are doctors. Neither listen to you carefully not attend you on time.
They charges almost equal to any good hospital in Delhi. So, my suggestion to find hospital elsewhere for maternity.
Good hospital near Dwarka flyover. But they don't have surgon on Sunday
Overpriced and not good hospitality. They don't care your sickness they focus on fillings their pocket. Doctors are not good either.
If you love your self or your nearest one, plz don't visit here...
Best hospital in ghaziabad. Polite staff. A bit expensive but when it comes to health u pull out all stops . All patients are well treated. Parking is a problem. Doctors r cool and attentive. 24 hour emergency.
Expensive but good facilities. OPD fees 400 but not given authentic reciet. Waiting time in OPD is long enough to take a sleep
It's very good Hospital. There are many great Doctors in the Hospital.
The hospital is just fine. Good doctors. You can visit it if you are accompanied with a relative. However, if all your family members are sick and then you visit, it could be a horrible experience. I had a fever of 103.5 and still made to wait more than half an hour under AC at the pharmacy to buy injections for me and my family. They don't distinguish emergency cases from general cases at the pharmacy level. I would not call it a caring hospital.
dear sir,i happens to be a regular beneficiery from the year 2013 till date for the entire my family alongwith my office staff.but it is very much disgusting to intimate that,during my treatment of dental at your hospital,in the morning I extracted two of my teeth by Dr.Mallika Kishore,but to my ill luck the bleeding continued after 6hrs also,hence I called the emergency,Dr.Shashank Tayal attended to me and do the needful within 15minutes of treatmenti.e. cleared the mess and made two siches and releived me from the hospital.The main issue I am surprised to intimate you that,the bill for such a little medical help that to without CGHS coverage was Rs.3000/-,which I think has crossed all the inflationary index in the world.People of country like India has never dreamt of this kind of charge.I think your this type of charge is taking advantage of the trouble people face.This matter may also be taken up with the Ministry of Health,Mr.J.P.Nadda,who happens to be a well wisher of your organisation and good gentle man.
I hope you will definitely look in to the matter and act promptly for giving justice,because I have seen your organisation flourising due to your pragmatism.  Thanking you.
Good Service.. Dr Kalra is excellent Doctor 
Well this hospital was a life saver during my student life at Fiitjee. It offered free of cost medical  examination and its a huge thing if you are a student . Also its canteen provided cost efficient comfort food. 
My dad's a dialysis patient since 2015 , in this hospital they increase dialysis charges from 1200 to 1350 and now 1450 in last two years....Hospital is thinking abt reconstruction and extension at patient's cost....wtf
i don't know why people giving 5 star to this hospital.. Maharaja Agrasen Hospita is big killer hospital in the world . they all know how to earn money to die people .
My dad is in this hospital for the past 2 weeks and they are not able to diagnose the issue nor are able treat him properly with the medication. Not sure how this hospital is still working and people are rating this hospital to be the best. They are just trying to get money out of my dad's medical claim which we had done. We have no problem with that, however if they are not able to diagnose or treat the patient and recover him then what are they doing for the past 2 weeks. They are doing some tests which are out of understanding for a patient suffering for one issue they are conducting tests for some other issue. People should take their loved ones to some other hospital and never get them to this hospital. Its a pathetic hospital and they only care for the money they can extract from patients!!!!!!!!
I am really happy after losing my glasses  at Centre for Sight and definitely you get  what exactly you want for your spectacles removal surgery from a hospital/doctor.  and staffs.  Keep up the good work Centre for Sight for making patients feel good & special.

Very stupid customer care experience, I booked appointment Dwarka for next day for morning hours and next day they changed appointment to afternoon without even asking me. When I called again they told me that they will fix it and I will be getting a call back which I never received. Again I called them than they told me that you can simply walk in and no need to book appointment. Best part is for Dwarka center, none of number mentioned on website works.Very poor experience.
It was a good experience wisiting there. Everyone was very helpful and co-operative. The doctors were very good and explained well. Upto the satisfaction.
counsellor behaviour is not good, please Aafdargung or Vikaspuri. All doctors are good.
The wait time is too high... For an emergency consultation also you need to take an hour. They keep shifting you from one floor to another and getting updates from staff also takes 15 minutes... Probably everybody is too busy to hear you out. Dwarka needs a better eye clinic. Disappointed!!
Almost all kind of medical machines are there, Doctors  are good at there work, better than ANAND HOSPITAL 
Worst hospital ever seen drs dont know any thing never to go in it frod  salle chor
I am very much satisfied with facilities provided by the Hospital. Good hospital .and also at good location, Easily approachable Good environment Cleanliness is at its best Good staff of nurses . doctors is good in their work.
Provides good medical facilities...easy to reach ..24 hour emergency service available
One of the best hospitals of the city with nice and qualified doctors.
Doctor's and other staff doing their best to give healthcare to huge crowds. Good quality doctors. Infrastructure is a limitation.  
IS THERE ANY DOCTOR FROM BENGAL OR BENGALI DOCTOR..... SPECIALLY gynaecologist AS MY WIFE IS UNKNOWN ABOUT ANY OTHER LANGUAGE OTHER THAN BENGALI
This is Delhi govt hospital,There is no C- arm in main operation theater, so what the precision and accuracy for any surgery, so be careful for any trauma procedure. What about media and govt that  no worry for public health just making fool.
Hospital with good facilities at very cheap prices, but queues start at 6 am in the morning, so it takes lot of time..atleast 4 hours.
Very rude behavior by the staff nurses. They need to do something about it.
Very bad services...Doctors doing experiment on patients. Go if you want to loss ur patient
Dr. Rajiv gupta
Amritdhara is very famous & good hospital in Karnal
Good doctor 
It's under condition
Awesome
I have been visiting this hospital for various medical issues. Each time I visit the hospital my trust and belief in the doctors and staff strengthens. Very polite and helpfull staff.
They charges are reasonable too.
Very Nice Hosoital... Genuine Fees..

Even one more thing is. I have only paid 25% Fees and they start operation. And for remaining they ask at the time of Discharge.

A Doctor Mr. Khan is really Nice person they handle the situation of patient and his attentendent very well. I really very thankfull for him. 
Manas Hospital : Fully Computerized pathology laboratory.
better diagnosis by professional and qualified clinical staff.
all pathological test are done here.
affordable offer for all types patients.
MEDICINE
GYNAE
ORTHOPAEDICS
SURGERY
ENT
PAEDIATRICS
GOOD LUCK AND ALL THE BEST
My grandmother was on dialysis since 3 months & had a fall & suffered from incomplete fracture of hip at home & trauma to her right side. I want to thank the entire tram at Manas for a successful Hip replacement and also for the continuous support by the Dialysis staff to keep her hail and hearty. She is doing good :) thanks to God and their representatives on earth .
Good and affordable hospital in Noida for gynae , ortho , ent , and surgery. Dialysis unit is also very good.
Worst customer care experience on telephone.
Dr. Kalra best ever..
nest hospital
Good Hospital.
I am born here
Helping place, good and fast services, obey highway accidental insurance policy.

Very good hospital..
...
Sunil Jalindra Kherki Behror.
Very good hospital
Badddddddd hospital 
Good hospital
Pathetic co ordination. Or rather the lack of it. Have been coming here for check up since last two years but they have clearly messed up now. Making a senior citizen wait for over an hour after dilation is just not acceptable. 
The facilities being provided by the Govt are very high class. But the bureaucracy here is too lazy and corrupt to implement the policies adequately and on time. Medicines aren't available on time. Equipment and lab services aren't being maintained properly
 
Good & cooperative staff ...good service by central government
Facilily is not satisfactory
Good hospital and the staff is also well but some time hospital's,area not clean others wise doctor and staf are good and supportive
I was in emergency and they asked for the ESI card. I don't know, what is the  priority emergency treatment or ESI card?
Love it
A 100 bedded indoor hospital provides OPS service also..
A newly constructed moderate and state of art medical facility in the district of Sonipat. Penal of best Doctors to treat patients of almost all ailments-- chronicle &  latest.
More over low expensive place for such a great service.
An excellent multi speciality hospital newly built. But ver expensive.
Worst experience. They don't know how to treat a patient. They are just worse. Don't choose this hospital ever.
Well Maintain n staff very cooperative 
Nice Hospital. 
Wonderful experience, great doctors and expert nursing staff, no need to look for  any other place in alwar as they treat all the medical and surgical conditions in this multispeciality hospital
Amazing doctors and services 
Hospital is Professionally. But
In ICU also they don't have cleanness and staff do gossips & chatting.
There is only one doctor Amit Thakur  who is responsible for everything  anyway he has good knowledge no doubt. But SeRvice is low
Very good treatment and facilities. I have been under treatment of Dr. Shuchi Gupta, Homeopathy for Skin Rashes. The results of the medicine seem quite effective.
Hospital infrastructure is not good and staff is also not good professionally.
In ICU also they don't have cleanness and staff do gossips & chatting.
There is only one doctor Sanjeev Thakral who is responsible for everything  anyway he has good knowledge no doubt.
I am noy sure who has given these more than 4 stars reviews. Might be management or hoapital staffs who were instructed by their seniors. I had to visit this hoapital for 2 cases in my knowns. Everytime I was stunned to see this hospital as fraud business hub. They always charge their patients high wrongly. They force you to buy medicines from their medical shop and then charge 3 times more from outside market. 
One of my friend opted for IVF treatment here. Estimate was given around 1 lakh. Treatment is still in process and their billing counter has been crossed 3 lakhs. This is rubbish. 

So this is business center rather than a hospital.
Best Healthcare services at affordable cost. Keep it up.
Worst Hospital...

I usually do not put any comments/reviews but this time I am FORCED to comment about Anand hospital Meerut. I admitted my father to this hospital for heart bypass surgery and now he is no more. Please do not ignore the negative comments as the mistake I did.

Few things that you will be attractd to (But you should not): 
* Better facility compared to other hospitals (that's what they say but I did not find that at all).
* Better and clean campus- that is what I was attracted to, thinking that the patient will stay in clean environment and will recover soon.
* Well convincing doctors- Doctor (Ashok Kumar Gupta) convinced me that he will take care of the by pass surgery without any issues. When I asked him if there is any risk, he told me that any building can fall any time... any accident can happen any time.. blah blah blah.. He forced me to admit my father right away within 30 minutes that the case is very very critical, So I admitted him immediately.

Facts that I saw atleast:
* Treating doctor was not at all confident after the patient was admitted but before admission, he was more than 100% sure. When ever I asked him that "is the patient fine?" He always replied "Lagta to aisa hi hai" He never said that yes he is fine or no he is not fine and the situation is critical.
* The bypass operation usually happens for few hours and then within 2 days patient come out of ICU and gets shifted to the normal room. But in our case, patient was in ICU for 9 days (Operation went for 7 hours then patient was fine next day then again on ventilator then again fine then again on ventilator ).. When we asked for the reason they told that the patient is not supporting and stopping his breath, next time they gave reason that the patient has stopped his heart willingly. 
ATLEASE USE YOUR COMMENSENSE AND GIVE SOME REASONABLE COMMENTS.
* They released my father after 11 days and then gave injections at home as his stiches were not healing as expected and one stich was not properly closed.
* Those injuctions did side effect which resulted that my father was not able to eat anything as whatever he eats he immediately vomits. Asked doctors as well but they ignored- They told that "Doctor knows everything and Do not teach us our work".
* Due to this my father got too much weak that he was not contious after 1 week and we had to admit him to the hospital again.
* Then my father was perfectly fine for 1 hour and they asked to put some injuctions directly to the heart. They asked for 1 injuctions but they injected 5 which the patient could not tolerate.
* They forced to put AICD device near to patient heart which costs around 10 Lakh.
* When we asked doctor that we want to shift the patient to another hospital, then he told "Kal to tab shift karoge jab kal tak gadi khichegi".
* After listening above we forcefully asked to meet the patient but they asked us to do full payment first. by again forcing to see the patient they told that the patient heart stopped working. 

Trust me, the patient could have been saved but the staff was not at all educated and no required equipment were present in that hospital.

For any heart related surgery, please go to Delhi but never ever go to Anand Hospital.
Few Drs are quite good and few are egoist and consider himself super boss one of them is Dr Rajeev. Staff is also not good enough
Better facilities than most of the hospitals even in nearby districts. But this also causes a lot of chaos at this place often leading to a general apathy towards patients. 
one of the best hospital in the city .satisfied with facilities provided by the Hospital. The hospitalÂ  environment is wonderful. Experienced and friendly doctors . all Morden equipment available here.
highly recommend. 
All that glitter is not gold like this, this not a good hospital 
Money sucker, non cooperative, business oriented, however staff is far cooperative than hospital administration.
May be it was my first and hope last experience
Popularly renowned for Homeotherapy. Situated in the heart of Delhi.
I graduated from this institution in 2006 and I feel proud of it
very good college with good facilities
worst college ... no computer lab is working there .... no sports department .... majority of tests claimed there never happen ... OT has never been in operation since last 8 years atleast .... you go with minor wounds or injuries they'll send you to some allopathic hospital ... corruption is at its peak & lol ... the list will never end :)
There are no computerized system and any lab
Good service provide with lowest cost
A multi speciality private hospital having excellent healthcare services and trauma unit to deal with medical emergencies.  
Worst nursing Service of male staff
Poor cleaniness

The worstest thing is the way of talking on hospital
They treat you like you beggars for them
But effictive treatment
best children hospital in alwar
A money trap for foreigners specially for poor Afghan nationals, without asking they will directly bill you 30% interpreter charges and too many extra items. You need to negotiate or the final bill make you heart attack. When you ask for estimation look at each item carefully and negotiate. Doctor is important not the hospital so try to select a good doctor.
I have been taking my child regularly for vaccination. But, today I had a very bad experience. Before that I want to mention that, since the time Saket City Hospital has been taken over by Max Hospital the overall functioning has become bad. For instance, earlier parking was free, now they charge for it. 
Today, my child got vaccinated under the supervision of Dr. Shashi Shekhar Singh and the 2 drops Oral Polio Vaccination was charged for Rs. 100. I was shocked to hear that. It is not the question of Rs. 100, but the thing which is supposed to by free by law(as per Government) is being charged.
I guess, the current management is more inclined towards money-making via business within hospital.
The hospital lacks ethics, integrity and respect for human... No matter how good the hospital looks the intention is to squeeze you as much as the last drop of money is taken out.

I attended the hospital and was asked to do several tests including blood, MRI, CT and X-ray.  It was frustrating when the doctors did not glance at the results except the X-ray. This would mean to me that all the rest of the tests were unnecessary but I paid 53000R to do them and stayed an extra day for the results to be produced. Besides the money they take I don't know about the risks involved when one goes into all those machines,

After visiting the doctor, I was scared to death for not attending to the hospital on time and was advised to do a surgery. The estimate given to me for the operation was between 7 to 11 hundred thousand...I sought a second opinion from a few doctors outside india. I was releaved to hear that the problem was common and that I should not rush for the surgery. I was recommended to meet another hospital here in Delhi that was more specialised on the subject. I went to the hospital and after they looked at the X-ray, and measurement a different degree to the illness was given. They recommended a chest brace. I paid 6500R for brace. To respect the process I went back to Max to say that I was not ready for the operation. Max recommended that in that case I needed a brace to the neck and that a chest brace will not work...a brace to the neck will cost me 20000R and I have to wait and pay the hotel bills for 5 extra days.

Who to trust and who to believe in Delhi specially health care ,when ethics is missing, remains a mystery all together. 

Gone are the days that strong humanly hearts existed in simply built walls. Here we are not for 5 star hotels but simple heartedly treatment...
One of the best hospitals  in Delhi though it is expensive also. Staff is very polite and well trained. Some doctors are really good.
It's a very reputable hospital. Doctors are nice. International patients from round the globe come here for all kinds of treatments.
Nice
Good care of eye but beware with it pocket
Dnt go there at all. They dont even tell you the status of your problem. Even they prescribe the same eye drop to every one which is available on their medical store.
Vasan eye care  Good for eye checkup.
Very poor services...even the treatment is not reliable, my mother eye is damaged. They make money only (charged 50K) and waste our time also ..don't go vasan eye care specially preet vihar ...I gave (0 out of 5)
Worst doctor on earth. Mrs Hema, so called doctor here, dose not know how to talk the patients. I have visited there along my parents and she was talking too rude with everyone. they have given me report with no name of patients on the page. 
completely "choro ka adda" only time and money wasted with poor doctor.
Good hospital
Show off type hospital but still providing the needed things
Best

BAD Hospital in palwal haryana
Multi Speciality Hospital in the region of Palwal, Haryana.
worst hospital worst staff ðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆ
It's a good small hospital 
Dr.amit Rawal is a good doctor

Maintained cleaning outside the hospital.
Little bit difficulty to identify this hospital because the front level of ground is higher and availability of trees
Govt Hospital
Good facilities an environment, with Ben Franklin opticians
Not the best hospital and the staff is not good
Good hospital. 
Visit in 2013
First experience was bad with this hospital. also very bad behavior of doctor name was dr. verma. i was just ask some question regarding of cbc report and suddenly he was angry the behavior were deeply disturbed.
If u care about the person who is going to get admit don't go there. 3 years ago I had to admit my cousin brother. They gave expired medicine and when I contacted doctor they asked to just change it... very poor experience..
Very bad experience  with hospital  in icu dr not available.  All dr hire. Dr avilable all times.
Facilities and staff are good but they squeeze out as much money as possible 
This is a very good hospital.
Good hospital
Best

Good Hospital
Trusted doctors
Good place. The doctors here are very knowleadgable and experienced. Services that are provided here are also okaish.
Pathetic hospital..if you tell them that you have medical insurance, they will start doing unnecessary tests to make a good amount of bill. Also, the nursing staff, reception and TPA dept is working as a govt job. They will do your work only when you will stand on their head.
Pathetic doctors...only there to mint money...no responsibility towards patients. If they come to you have medical cover, even for fever they advise you to get admitted. Worst hospital overall.
I want to give 0 star but option is not available. 
Worst  private hospital i have ever seen...
GHATIYA SE B GHATIYA
Dr. Sumit Wadhwa was visited in OPD.
His behaviour was very good with his patients, but the arrangement of lower staff for giving entry to doctor's room was not satisfactory. 
Needs some improvements.

NIMT group of institution is totally fraud institute , we lost our two year in this collage,they don't have affiliation to any university..please don't waste your precious time and money in this institute..
Para medical college
bad hospital
Not that much good
very good for people 
Excellent place for joint replacement. Would happy recommend Dr. Vivek Sharma and Dr Praveen Tittal for any kind of joints problem
Dear madam

My today's experience was very disappointed your receptionist ladies language was unexpected. I'm come back to home without checkup but also paid money for receipt.
Dr. renu mahindru treatment good but at the time of delivery he force for operation if possible normal delivery.

we fight for normal delivery but he force for operation and charge more money from patient
Money sucking hospital..  don't go there..
Very nice service. Careful nurses and doctors. Good timings. Vikramjeet singh and dr. Gupta are very nice.
Last year I suffered from dengue and I was treated well by Dr vikramjeet. Amazing person.
Sanjay saini gangoh saharanpur
Nice staff and good doctors. All equipments also available. Good caring of patients. 
Nice staff. N good setup hospital on good location..
Though large signboards claim free medicines being offered, but reality is only one or two medicines out of all those prescribed by the doctors are issued free of cost here. Rest are required to be purchased from the Alka Farmacy.
Worst place to work as junior resident, talk very well while joining (before MCI inspection) but treat very badly after it. The whole hospital is under control of chairman  and hr . The dean and ms have no authority. They never pay your full salaries in time , cut any amount from salaries. Terminate anyone without giving any reason/ any misconduct. Not advised to my colleagues to join this college .Had a very bad experience here.
World college of Medical Sc & HOSPITAL has great infrastucture and latest medical machine for medical testing
Excellent and experienced faculty for budding MBBS students
One of few medical colleges to get letter of permission in a short span of its  
establishment........with great effort by  chairman and his team.
best of teaching  faculty,best infrastructue and lot of clinical material for students.......will go a long way in ......making  of compassionate and  finest doctors......
Everything in Place. Will grow as one of the Best Private Healthcare facility which Caters the needy 
Affordable Rates
V gud
Hate service
Kidney Hospital
good.
Chaos and Pathetic is the word that comes to mind. No wonder, with 120 reviews the rating is just 3. I was here for my mother's tests. Despite of the date provided by the hospital to collect the reports, people were clueless. After trying hard to figure out the status and wasting 45 minutes, i got an answer the reports are yet not there. Do these people understand the criticality of what they are doing and how this impacts the health and life of people. We were expecting the reports of couple of tests done on heart and had a following appointment with the specialist  which was missed because of the hosiptal's inability to provide the reports On Time. There were dozen of helpless people looking for someone to address their concerns but in vain. I doubt, i will come back here or recommend this place to someone else.
If we book the appointment easy. Staffs not kind.poor service.Whatever they wrote sometimes even not available in their medicals itself.medicines are costly most of the medicines are available only in their shop.
I have been there couple if times and staff here is not cooperative, specially appointment and enquiry desk. Even if you ask them to talk to someone superior, they wont let you. Doctor i met was nice though.
Terrible hospital. only to make money. charges double of medanta. poor and inexperienced doctors. Avoid at all costs. Especially in cases of emergency.
Staff is not co-operative. This is a big hospital but they don't have other facility they disappointed me. They dont have facility to provide your bill on mail.
Doctors are good but bed sheets not washed properly. I feel cheated
Nice hospital. Has made its reputation in Karnal in short time.
 Everthing is gud but Dr.is not reached there in right time.
A hospital chain that provide better service for less price
Very great

very gud hospital... wit all the emergency facility.. dr. are very gud 
Kindly make my rupali concious.... plz take care...
Very poor service doctor's are not availble on time m waiting from last 1 hour but no responce from any one very very poor service need to growðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ 
Very bad service in hospital doctors are not come their times in room visit 3rd grade facility in hospital
Need to take more panels like star health icici lombard etc
Pls don't bring your family members in these hospital ...If don't bother your family then you can bring them . They killed the people and making moÃ±ey ....They simply kept dead people in ventilator for showing that he or she is alive but actually they are  making there money and the had making the fun of other good doctor's...If you don't know how to treat the patient then why you take the patient to your hospital...At last I will say that yaha madrchod paisa kmana Kaya leya bheta ha... enko koi matalb nahi ha logo sa..
Neuro hospital but the roctors make u stay for a vry long time then it is actually required.
Dear friends,

Please do not visit this hospital for any kind of Neuro problem. They give overdose to the patient. Dr. Arun sharma is the no. one fool. i do not know who has made him a doctor. he does not even know how to talk to the patient. Please visit at your own risk.
It's the only known Good Neuro Hospital in Meerut
Good quality hospitality provided and doctors are highly appreciated for their support
V pathetic! Corrupted hospital and they also entertain their special people! Infact people use government passes here. Most of the people hired are uneducated and staff is super rude as well. No proper systematic work and can be called a typical government hospital where they are just working to woo their known ones. Partial and pathetic.
Most of the staff is out sourced and  lack of basic facilities...I went their for anti rabees injection but I was told to go to DDU hospital.
It is very small facility but nat available.
Better than most govt hospitals yet lot of quality improvements needed.
One of the Delhi government's best hospitals except Cardiology Dept. which has very poor services and junior doctors are busy on their phones, nobody in BP room. Otherwise it has best and systematic services. 
More attention is needed on functioning of clerical and nursing staff. 
I have not seen any type of corruption or bribe like other Delhi government hodpitals LNJP, G B Panth, RML or Lady Harding. 

Neurology Department and its HOD are best, very competent and well mannered. 
Also very neat and clean. Its drugstore or pharmacy staff and sevices are good enough.
Being a journalist, I have freinds in most of the hospitals but their services are very poor or even corrupt staff keeps on delaying, harrassing, exploiting and misbehaving the patients. Janakpuri Super Speciality Hostpital has everything on its own routine and very systematically done. 
It gives a feeling of private hospitals.
Its very gd hospital in my lyf i went first tym in govt. Hospital i observed there was good facility all people who in staf they were good talker while tht their guard uncle nd women doctors nd pharmacy department nd hospital was also clean nd green there were cold water facility nd toilets were clean nd all lifts were working if in our country has this kind of govt.hospital s thn i can say badal rha mera desh 
Thank u administration of hospital nd thanks to all doctor s nd specially guard uncles
Great experience i had. Dr. Ashish makes his patients comfortable so effortlessly. 5 stars
I am extremely pleased with the service i received at City Dental clinic.
Great Experience.. 
One of the genuine and honest doctors .....The Gupta brothers... ...........................................................With Best wishes and prayers......................
 Nadi Vaidya Ajit Singh Yadav
A very good hospital with a very supportive staff. 
Dr. Naveen is one of the best paediatric available in Karnal. He is truly genuine person and treats his patients with empathy. Big thanks to him for all the help.
Delhi correct 
The hospital is situated mid center of sector 6.
This is good
Ä¹ÃÃŸ technition
Lootera hai .logo ki jaan se khilwad karta hai. Is ko jail me dalna chahiye.
Better hospitality I personally admitted.  Good care staff and owner also take interest in hospital 
Facilities are in place, ask for help and it's there. Lift is missing, little disappointing rest is okay.
Doing good job 
Experienced staff
It is a nice hospital 
Not have sufficient facilities 
4 years ago 


Haya
Main USP is good attitude of DR. Sirohi itself overall reliable hospital with good treatment.
fast service and well mannered staff
My sister had a PCOD from last few months . Before 2 months she visit in GNH hospital and consult with Dr Smita . She dignosevery well and the nature she has that is excellent .finally my sister is well now and we are fully setisfied with her .she is  the best gyne ..
dr. smita vats is the best gynaecologist in gurgaon.
dr smita vats is a best gynaecologist.her patients are fully satisfied with treatment.
i met Dr Smita Vats for my friend who was pregnant and wanted to go for ceasarean delivery. As my friend was shifting from Dehradun so we were not aware of any good gynaecologist in Gurgaon. Somehow one of our friemnd told us  about Dr Smita Vats. We visited GNH Hospital and met Dr Vats, my friend was really satisfied after meeting doctor and GNH hospital was neat and clean, staff was supportive. Thanks to Dr Smita & GNH staff!!
It is one of the best place for refinement of Body Architecture. 
good
Ok
Gud
Big and highly maintained facility. Hygiene is better.
Good services but mostly ex-servicemen are sent out for treatment. 
Good hygiene maintenance.

Everything computerised from Entry to Pharmacy. 
Good Military Hospital.
Army personal facilities only
It's accuracy is sooperb 
Hospital for fertility regarding problem 
Best care of patients
Nice

Puja Sharma 
Do not go cheap on the important things in life. This hospital is truly 4 stars. However, this comes with a caveat. A good hospital does not necessarily cure your illness. A good a doctor is what you need and hospital is the infrastructure that helps you recover. Therefore, when you are looking for a solution to your illness, you should start by finding a doctor who up to your standards. This hospital is up to it.
No 'Patient First' policy. Neurology department is very poor, typically Dr. Madhuri Bihari. She treats her patients as mannequins and has changing opinions about the same problem. Doubt if she is an expert. Moreover we faced problems with nurses and attendants who are not proactive and quick in their response. They are good initially but as time passes by, delays start to creep into the process. 
Extracting money is their main focus. Very bad at communication, I think it's intentional. They don't tell clearly what they are doing or going to do or even what they did. At the end when you given an unreasonable bill. But they still won't tell you what's the next step. It's like a very very costly neverending suspense movie.
Worst experience. 
Administration is the god here and have all the power. The problem is when idiotic morons have powers. 
They made the post op patient shift to some lounge and made us wait for 7 hours. They kept blaming the insurance guys haven't cleared the mail. Later we got mail frm office that the insurance had cleared everything within 1.5 hrs. 
At 3 pm, we got so fed up with waiting that we said we will pay in cash and not wait for insurance. Still They took 3.5 hrs to process our papers!!! The patient got severe back spasms and excruciating pain in the operated area by the end of it. Such horrible processes and they don't look at patient while following silly rules.
Worst Patients Care!! 

We recently delivered our baby in this hospital. Thank GOD, we had Dr. Sutopa as saviour there!! Else, we would have been in real trouble. 

There are long list of issues with this hospital starting from long waiting for getting your patients admitted, dirty washrooms with no toiletries, hardly any attention on time to the patient by non-medical staff, and no action taken even after complaining to so called patient welfare department. 

We were told on the day of discharge from the hospital that the birth certificate will be ready in 1-2 days, you may collect anytime. We visited hospital after 7 days, spent 45 minutes running around from second floor to ground floor, from this decision to that division and finally we were told - sorry sir Medical Supretendent is not in the office today - we can't give you the certificate without his sign. I travelled 30 KM one way to collect hospital issued certificate but we didn't get it. This doesn't even happen in government hospitals these days. 

I don't even want to give one start for its service but Dr. Sutopa is the reason we are little peaceful about this. Hope Forties retain its name by improving the quality of on time services.
Facility is good but expensive,some members are less expert and some are very good.
Admissions,x-ray, laboratory investigations, vaccination,24 hours staff to look after the patients and a pharmacy store are few facilities provided!
Good!
Good
I am very much satisfied with facilities provided by the Hospital. The hospitalÂ  environment is wonderful. Experienced and friendly doctors .
staff is helpful but difficult to find in night. 
Awesome 
nice
Many facility and best service
Good hospital and have many facilitys 
Good for minor problems
Emergency case are available
best in this city
one of the great eye hospital  in meerut great experience lazer machines are available to operate eyes and   great check ups are done by the doctor you will satisfied  for your eyes definitely
Best eye hospital in meerut for lasik surgery, glaucoma surgery in meerut, squint surgery in meerut, Stitchless IOL surgeries ..... from renowed doctor Dr. UMANG VARMA
Nice hospital good service 
One of the eye clinic of meerut city. Parking is not available in this area.
here is no parking facility
Pathetic experience..Doctor looked terribly high..his eyes were all red..he din seem to be a doctor at all..he prescribed an injection for headache..please never visit it?!!!
One of the cleanest HDU (High Dependency Unit) with a very dedicated staff, right from nurses to the doctors. Accommodating with minimal fuss about simplistic needs. My dad was admitted for cardiac issues, and a couple of doctors came to help - Dr Noor, Dr. Kanwar and Gaurav Mahajan. Awaiting our discharge n successful return to home. Their are a few improvement areas such as limited waiting room area for attendants who stay overnight (ICU patient's attendants), parking space and canteen offerings. Still it works as they focus on core offerings.
Worst Hospital and faculty ..  doctor are damn  worst and staff too , Patient apke pass thik hone jata hai na hi apke Fund badhane , i am planning to  do action against hospital some one please suggest  me how can i do ?
It is OK But doctors are trying to make more money. 
Medical Shop @campus active 24*7 !!
Worst doctor in the whole hospital is deepak talwar of pulmonary branch...i dont know about the others...
Junior doctors doest even care about anything they just prescribe medicine...
And the worst thing is that when the patients are waiting the so called SENIOR DOCTOR will give time to Medical representatives ...
Been treated for more than 5 years here but no benefits...
Basically they dont cure the disease they just contain it...
Good for small treatment or any emergency case 
good hospital and staff

Having Good Facilities and Space
Best Hospital In ghaziabad
Best surgeon in ghaziabad
Managment is worst ... government hospital is better than this place....all are confused and ruling on their individual territory...
No comfort for patients...
I am here to receive a report Nd whole department is running without any clue...
Please avoid this hospital- My mother was treated here(thyroid operation) was discharge and become unwell on the first night after reaching home. Then again was admitted in the Icu (same metro hospital - preet Vihar)  for several days. As per the ICU doctors then she had cardiac atteck.She passed away on 4th of Jan 2017) in the ICU/CCU. I am in process to find out more as at the minute we are totally shattered. ... I am writing to request everyone to please avoid this hospital as I have a feeling that they don't have full resources to run this hopital including doctors and nurses!!!! Whole hospital is under renovation - very filthy ....
Doctors are unprofessional seem as they are unqualified or marketing executive they don't have professional doctors. Doctors come their on call from other hospital .I went their for my mother treatment they took her in ICU for 15 days and but they didn't diagnosed my mother as per the problem finally after discharge my mother was still critical then I took her to Max.
The faculty is not good. System of this hospital is not good.Behaviour of nourshing staff in not good .
ITS MY FIRST VISIT IN THIS HOSPITAL, BEFORE COMING TO HOSPITAL I HAVE CALLED TO ASK ABOUT THE TIMING OF ENT DOCTOR THEY SAID ITS 9 - 9:30 IN OPD, BUT NOW ITS BEEN MORE THAN HALF AN HOUR I AM WAITING FOR THE DOCTOR TO COME & WHEN I ASKED ABOUT THE DOCTOR AGAIN THEY SAID DOCTOR WILL TAKE ANOTHER 30-45 MINUTES TO REACH HOSPITAL .

REST WILL SEE, THAT HOW'S A DOCTOR ???
Nice
One of the best and biggest multi-specialty hospitals in Delhi NCR. Have been admitted a few times and was always extended the best service possible. But yes, they do put a very high price on your well being.

Ample parking space available. The entire hospital is wheelchair accessible. The large atrium right down the middle is closed and air conditioned. Has more than a few retail/food outlets inside. A separate blood donation center which processes your request within 30 minutes and most other departments that a super specialty hospital should have.
Hospital cum Mall. You can have a appointment with doctor as well as have fantastic breakfast/dinner/lunch.
It's has also other stuff shop. Also hv a Aam Admi Drugs Centre.
It used to be one of the best hospitals of Delhi. But now these people are money minded. After keeping our patient for like 18 days, when we decided to move to other hospital, so on the discharge date, I found patient was left with no care at all. Patient's BP was extreme. There was no one around to even complain. My family bursted on the stupid staff and we just changed the hospital. 
Our experience in Dec 2015 with this hospital overall was great. We are from North America and had a family member being tended to in intensive care. The nurses there were very attentive and helpful. Doctors are world class at this facility. As a westerner, some of the accommodations (as well as the armed security guards) were not what we were used to cleanliness-wise, but was nothing that one should worry about (again, during OUR visit).
Be prepared for complete 1 day waste for just 10 minutes consulting. Even secretary dont know the schedule of doctor..you can be asked to come at 12 noon and asked to wait till unknown time.
Very nice Hospital
This is not Mehta Hospital, this is some nagpal hospital, original Mehta Hospital is near neelam cinema 
politics is more than the service... 
Largest cancer hospital of Nepal serving the needy with care
blood cancer 
This is a horizon for me where I feel comfort everytime. 
Excellent 
It was a very bad experience. I had gone coz of dizziness and had asked for Dr. kacker at reception, he just replied back 500 rs for consultation. Later when i went for consultation, understood am being consulted by another doc, Dr. Abhishek.
No proper diagnosis, I told him symptoms, and when I told him it might be Vertigo, he wrote tabs and told nurse to handover a pamplet of exercises.. less than 2 mins, didnt even tell why it happened or any precautions etc... Later when i consulted another doc, I was even more surprised coz of how well he explained and treated me.. wasted Rs500/-.
and will suggest not to visit this place expecting good treatment.
Not answering calls at all.  No one seems reaponding to queries.
Very good hospital for ENT treatment. 
Amazing ENT hospital right inside Jasola DelhiðŸ‘
Very good hospital equipped with modern technologies. Nice to see respected Dr. Deepti Kamal there, an amazing  and humorous eye surgeon of high quality.
Good , not expensive health services but need to do more about management
One of the Old and Good government hospital  but have to improve much more .
good service
Old...best government hospital in ...chitwan  
Best Government Hospital in Nepal after Kathmandu with improved infrastructure and facilities situated at core location with access to transportation.
Nice 
hospital. . they don't know what really a hospital is . you rarely find doctors here , even hospital staff (nurse ) is not present and dirt is everywhere. 
24 hr emergency service, equipped with an operation theatre
Hospital VERY good facility very nice , but staff member very bed behaviour ,oniy time pass
Thanks to Delhi govt. due to which hospital are free and medicines provided are also free of cost.
Only problem this hospital has, there is a long queue in every section from getting token to doctors to medical shop.
Whole day is wasted because of it
One of the worst management it has, infrastructure is quite good, doctors are helpful and frank, but the other staffs were just passing their time, patients are not treated good like other Govt hospitals and one of the bad things is that it is situated in Mangol Puri.
Condition is worst. You will get cheapest medicine of 10-15 rs. after suffering couple of hours.
Doctors are not giving any costly medicines also they're not prescribing any good medicine from outside.. kejriwal ji jiske liye apko laaye the aap to kuch nahi kar paaye.
Very good hospital. .......................nice facilities  especially ENT...department 
Nice nature Dr. Monday opd free from 10 to 12 AM. Best thing ever.
Generally found focus on the task at hand is not professional and undivided, typical sarkari place and same goes with the attitude of all people from Doctor till Handler. Okay if one can live with the slow pace, @times broken instruments and lax attitude. I guess reasonably priced and for places like these location near Home matters. Though they say 1.5 hrs for procedures but actual procedures are around 15-30 Minutes rest is wait time.
i like it...
2 day back i visited in hospital. Dr. Are seat 4 pm..
Staff are helping nature..
 
Good staff
Orthopedic n Gynecologist best Hospital
God and not to much expansive
Staff is very good

Nice hospital
My friend had a major heart attack last weekend  and had triple bypass surgery.  He spent spent 5 days in the ICU and is now recovering in the cardiac unit.  The staff were wonderful and his treatment was first-class.   The staff took the time to explain everything to us and were kind and empathetic.  Can't rate the hospital and staff highly enough.
Always had a highly satisfactory experience at AIMS. Dr Rishi Gupta has always attended each of his patients with great care, extremely supportive. Very well behaved staff  . I am very happy with their excellent behavior. God Bless them.
Worst Experience. Guys please read this review very carefully if you want to save your family member(Don't come in this Hospital). Dr. Manav Manchanda (Respiratory Department) Killed my grandmother on 7th Feb'17. He don't have manners How to talk with people ( Uneducated person) He shifted my grandmother from I.C.U (When she was on Ventilator) to a general ward ( the ward according to him was mini I.C.U where all equipment's and machines were too old. My Family members requested him several times to shift her in the  Main I.C.U where she was before but he denied & said " Tum to C.G.H.S(Kind of Mediclaim) Ka Fyada utha rahe ho" and when he shifted her to mini I.C.U Cum General ward just after two days my grand mother died because of his Carelessness &  effortless job. Duty of Doctor is to save patients life but he was not doing so even not showing his best efforts. God is watching everything Dr. Manav Manchanda .
Really, very nice experience with asian hospital. All staff are really cooperative. And this hospital has all the modern facility. Very good experience.
Great infrastructure.. world class facilities.. superb doctors... this is the only hospital I would recommend all for your any health problems... very friendly nurses and staff...
Very poor communication system, not any one attend telephones, website number is not corrects.
Run by specialist eye surgeon Dr Shroff of Delhi,I have been told that he visits once in a 2 months rest other doctors take care.
great charity work done by doctors at the hospital 
Good
best
Staff is very kind . But facilities need to be improved a lot . Its excellent for small things and to get first aid but if any major thing its not worth it
I m very proud of shrey hospital my father is beack thanx god and shriyA hospital doctors
Costly medical shop, the medical shop keeper in the hospital offers everything at mep, even if the guy is earning more than 36 percent margin specially the surgical items where 10 - 20 percent ks Ã¨
The hospital is average. Needs more effort & improvement to be better in providing hassle free services to the people. Although doctors are co-operative.
Very bad and worst hospital ... specially doctors behave like fool n unprofessional and they also getting support of management better don't go for treatment.
Best service.
Time to time nurse  check patient.
ok
Amazing experience, one of the best doctors u have in the hospital. I had to go there for my mother's treatment. They were very helpful, emergency doctor Nivedita Bali worked amazingly and helped my mom recover by the morning. I would really recommend this hospital to my friends and relatives. Kudos
Do not contact this hospital for Emergency. 
At least in emergency the doctors are absolutely useless, and not compassionate at all. I live 5 min away and called for an ambulance at 1230 in the night for my grandfather who suffered a cardiac arrest and informed them of the situation. The ambulance came after 30 min. All my follow-up calls were answered rudely, with an " all we can tell you is that the ambulance has left from here".
The doctors who came with it took leisurely strolled from the society gate to my house ( I saw them through the window). My grandfather passed away because he did not get medical attention in time.
FYI- The name of the doctor who attended was Dr. Nivedita Bali
It was a sheer waste of money. After a long wait when the doctor finally arrived.. he was done with the check up in less than 2 mins.. prescribed antibiotics and insisted on purchasing the same from the hospital pharmacy. Also what I found funny was the doctor was reluctant to tell me when and how to take the medicines, until I have purchased them from the hospital pharmacy!
Worst hospital, terrible services and worst management. No doctors available. Simple waste of time, money and expectations for better services.
Such a nice hospital.. my daughter was having a surgery of tonsillitis problem.. and they started with full concentration.. they discharged her within 4 hours.. surely go for minor or major injuries there.. facilities are very very good.. excellent job keep it up
Best
Best Hospital in palwal for EYE & ORTHO
behind city hospital for south side and behind golden hospital for north side.
It was a great experience for my mom's as a eye patient in sharp sight centre this is the firm which gives my mom's satisfaction, the doctors and all hospital staff help me a lot and co-operative as well
After lasik from sharp centre my cousin had cornea ulcers and lifting corne tissue for which need to go for  FURTHER surgerIES at
WORST LASIK EXPERIENCE HERE THEY DO NOT TELL COMPLICATIONS OF LASIK
it was a great experience for me as a eye patient in sharp sight center, this is the firm which gives me satisfaction, the doctors and all hospital staff helps me a lot and co-operates as well.
I have a good experience through out the my medical journey  although I am alone here  I am from Afghanistan and they treat in a very good manner . Speacially mr adil as my younger brother and guide me through out my treatment
My parents both eye surgery done with in a week by Dr Sheetal.
I had a wonderfull experience  with the hospital and staff
I was diagnosed with OCD and I m glad to say that my condition has improved a lot after visiting Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Clinic of Paras.
Just like typical government hospital. Staffs are knowledgeable but don't want to work. One can't find satisfactory results. Here also there is problem for food. Canteen is not well maintained although there is a facility of CCTV camera but the quality of food is just like if it is for patients only. One can find the food outside also but that is not hygienic. In rainy season there is a problem of water logging in the place. One can find the renovation work only pre to some audit work. Else God bless the hospital and patients.
Much better than Maulana Azad dental hospital..lesser Waiting time , no extra fees charged from the patient, world class treatment for the patient.

worst working system,no one listen properly ,everyone ignore ,nover understand what is the actual problem of patient .
Finest dental hospital......much better than maulana azad...
Very helpful for meðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜Š
Good 
Very good hospital.
Good Hospital
Now it is Park Hospital.
Cleaning is good but staff not so well behavior

Good hospital good services faster recovery.
Cleanliness wise awesom!
Esic hospital,. Well maintained cleaned,

HOSPITAL IS GOOD. BUT IT'S EMPLOYEES ARE WORST.
Good service and all facilities....
If it is emergency and you need to admit your patient in ICU , Don't do that they just make money, ward boys don't have sense how to talk, doctors are not good just make money from patient .
Bad experience .hospital doctor need to upgrade.hospital doctor not able to give good treatment.
nice hospital
Service provided is good 
average facilities
Worst medical service and facilities.
The staff here is awesome and well experienced...
Everyone Doing a great job at rana hospital.
Very good hospital in bulandshahr and  cear full staff 
Very good hospital in distrect bulandshahr 
Very very good hospital

Khurja city
Good private hospital,  ENT department and x-ray available.
Ok
Good to see 
not good at all.
I went there for my dads surgery.
at 8 am with empty stomach with doctors approval for the surgery.
till 12 pm they kept asking me Is you are here for the stone surgery?
and I was not there for the stone, it was Hernia surgery LOL
around 2 Pm they did the wrong ultra sound.
then around 6 pm surgery started thanks god.
can you imagine 
8 Am  to 6 PM
They are just money making.
Arrogant Doctors and staff.
cleaning is good though.
but food department won't listen at all.
I asked them for spoon around 8 pm but spoons never came LOL.
nurses keeps chitchatting on phone with their friends.
when ever I ask any nurse please come and see my patient , they always waves their one hand to me and asks me to wait.
and keep talking
Fortis is one of the best hospitals  in Delhi. All the staffs are very enthusiastic and cooperative . Princy sister and  ABI Mol sister and house keeping Pradeep  are very cooperative . Thanks all of you .
THANKS FORTIS....
I  visited Neurology Deptt. today but it was very terrible for me to handle the staff of doctor because they were unable to cooperate but were shouldering the responsibility to doctor or other staff.  Every test reports were available with me but the doctor insisted report of Cardiologist and every test to be repeated.I am unable how the neurologist with depend on the report of cardiologist.  The medicines prescribed were not readable/available with the Pharmicist,hence he gave me the substitute of higher potency. In Delhi everywhere senior citizens are being given 10 percent discount but the Pharmicist did not give.
I had my delivery here . It was normal delivery and I discuss with other fellow patient that they never force for c-section delivery .of course a best hospital in town. Doctors and nurses are  very courteous and helpful !!
Not at all recommended.. Super expensive, do not send reports on time, arrogant doctors. Medical is not a Nobel profession anymore. Once you pay them , they are not even bothered about patient's condition. I paid 13,000 to get only basic blood test done (CBC,widal,LFT & KFT, blood culture). I kept on calling them to send my report but they are hardly concerned.. India should ban these money making businesses.. We don't want 5 star treatment. We want affordable care with compassion. I would not recommend people to get treated here..
Good
good
This is the best hospital with the best doctors and is functioning since a long time.
Best cardio unit.
Team leader Dr Mamtesh Gupta.
Best nuero unit
Team leader Dr Vinod arora.
Best uro unit
Team leader Dr Anil Elhence
Dr Anil elhance best urologist 
great hospital
Dr. Anil Elhence is an awesome doctor for any urology issues. Really nice hospital with reasonable costs.
Cheaper rooms and services are good 
If you love your life please don't go there doctors there are trained to loot you. They can try the medicine on trials on you. They gave me the wrong treatment tried trial medicine of migraine on me. I was never went there for migraine.  
Very bad hospital. I delivered my baby there and they made my case worst....I had very bad experience with the doctor Shipra Gupta gynecologist, she is very unprofessional n frighten us for my baby.
Good hospital. Kinda sad that its being torn apart for some fire escape issue. 
Worst Experience!! "SCARE PATIENT,EARN MONEY" Dr GYAN GOYAL forced me to come tomorrow  to his clinic only then he will tell whats my eye power is. He was doing same thing with every patient. I paid 500Rs to MAX Hosp.  then he was asking 300rs at his clinic. 800Rs for simple EYE CHECKUP.  :(
 paise chaiye to bheekh he maang lo...hosp ke bahar beth jaao.. katora hum de denge.. Never Ever Go there..
Gone there for EYE CHECKUP, got to know about a fraud, the doctor Mr. Gyan Goyal. (His clinic at shalimar bagh on the back side of everbake).

He basically sits in max hospital to get all the customers of max hospital to his clinic, he shares his card with them to get max's patients. 

they are charged 500 at max hospital and then the doctor requests to come to his clinic only then he will give proper consultancy. so  for a 300 rs consultancy you have to pay 500+300, 500 goes to max and 300 to doctor. Whats the use of it. its a fraud.

If I am going to max I know max hospital all the treatment and consultancy should be strictly done in max, if Tomorrow I go to hospital A, A want me to go to B, B wants me to go to C, C wants me to go to D. during my way I keep on paying 500 rs to each of a,b,c,d who would be bigger fool than me. I would request you to please spend your money carefully if it is earned by honest means. Thanks
Wonder full 
What a  hospital
Nice hospital good service 
All over best children clinic in faridabad
Caring with smile ....
Caring with smile ....
This is well equiped clinic, catering locals round the clock. 
Consulted general medicine there. All are really experienced doctors. Major advantage is u can't find this much affordable hospital nowhere other than this in Gurgaon. Very much affordable hospital with good care and great doctors.
Best Packers and Movers in gurgaon. Very good service provider www.mofers.in
Best packing sarvices parvider in gurgaon
Really a good hospital with quality doctors.. and its also affordable..
Excellent place to get treated...
Ok
Adiva hospital one of the best hospital in delhi .AND Staf is so caring and director of Adiva hospital (sandeep aggrawal) so nice person
If you love yourself and want to live for some more time on this planet. I humbly request you to never visit this hospital. Pathetic service.
One of the relatively newer hospitals that have come up in the last free years.
Adiva- CHEATS/ A TRAP- I had a harrowing experience in ADIVA hospital. My wife trusts a senior gynecologist in this hospital - blindly- who is also a visiting doctor at Max , Saket. Despite our repeated requests to get the delivery done at Max- an emergency situation was created and we were forced to get C- Section delivery done at Adiva- and we were told that though they have a small facility but they are as good ( if not better) than good hospitals like Max.

This was the beginning of our ordeal...Adiva cannot be even compared to hospitals like Max... And they don't even have basic facilites .. And on top of that- it is even more expensive than Max. The Neo Natal Nursery is very basic and babies are at risk of hospital acquired infection... One very strange thing we noticed was that- this nursery has 3 nurses in the morning and one junior doctor during the day.. But the same nursery had only one nurse and one Jr. Doctor during the night shift. ( the doc is hardly there in NICU- but u can find him anytime in doctors rest room). So basically the kids are in God's hands at night.

The level of hygiene in NICU and generally in the hospital is very very bad.My child was diagnosed of scepticimia with Klepsilla Pneumonia Bacteria - which is usually acquired in hospitals... And the funny part is that the culture reports in Adiva did not show anything .. It was only in Max blood test culture reports that this infection was identified..Coming to Adiva was the worst decision of my life and then getting my new born kid out of this "trap" the very next day was the best decision of my life... Rest I will leave it to readers judgement.
Good facilities and hardworker doctors 
This hospital saved the life of my father :) Thank You so much from the core of my heart..
IMPORTANT!

***$48 for all medicine for me and my fiance from (Patanjali store = outside stores in Gurgoan) compare to the $250 from this hospitals. Just get your treatment and THAT"S IT unless you have money like that!!***

Read below for the pros and cons!

Sometimes the timing of the treatments are off which can sway you from your schedule. The Dr. has his own medicine separate from the Hospital which is contradictory. (why would he sell his own medicine where the hospital has their own medicine to provide????)  I am lucky that all my supplements were from the Hospital's and not the Doctor's medicine which I paid by credit card rather than cash. The supplements I purchased (approx $200+) based on the prescription they provided...

A week later after my my mother in law had bought us some medicine relating to what this hospital had suggested including my fiance's, and total was USD 48. COMPARE that to the USD250. Bottom line, buy it from outside stores like Patanjali.

Also, my fiance and I stayed here and every morning, IDK why but they would only bring one glass of milk when they know there's two people staying. I had made a request to give us two but no.....only one. Uno. 

Onto the good things:
The treatments were fantastic. My body and mind were in a state where I was free from all that heavy burden from everyday stress at work, worrying about something that doesn't even matter etc. It was such a relief to be in a mood where you are light as feather, calm and pain/stress free. The staff/technicians were very friendly and respectful. All of them were! So at the end, we gave them tips because of the great service they provided. 

The food there were good. Basically, all light food, no salt (option for salt n black pepper on the table), and it was different on some days. Your body does not digest as hard as easting like a hamburger or heavy meal which is a great thing. 

I recommend this to anyone who seeks Ayurveda treatment. But remember from mentioned above so that you will not be in the same situation as I am right now. Good luck and enjoy the stay. It is recommended to stay at least 2 weeks to get the full benefits!
Amazing staff ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘
I got my ayurvedic treatment for slip disc through panchkarma..
Excellent results..Best ayurvedic treatment in Delhi
Good
It's very good Hospital. There are many great Doctors in the Hospital.
Dr rahul don't know how to treat a patient. He is pediatrician. He don't hear what parents are saying. He hardly give 2 minutes to the patients. I wasted my money and time to see Dr rahul.
Parking problem. No proper management.
Good hospital
Good treatment on low cost
Very good treatment on low cost
Because,previously this was only a charitable institution run by famous hindu institutions of Sonipat. 
But now,with the collaboration of Cygnus hospitals,this has improved a lot.
But still, some specialists services are being hired from outside on daily, weekly or fortnightly basis like Opthalmology operations are done under the supervision of a delhi based specialist.
Permanent postings would further B welcomed by the citizen patients n rural area patients ...both.
A multi speciality hospital, trustworthy
Pathetic experience. I just saved my cousin's life by shifting him from here to FIMS hospital.

Best hospital in terms of care..
A super specialty hospital in Sonipat has brought best of doctors and medical facilities
It doesn't matter you got an appointment or not, be prepared to spend around 2 hours waiting. The reception stuff treats you as if they are doing a favour by attending to the patient. Poorly managed.
Had been trying to call on Gurgao landline to make an appointment... But its alwayz either not reacheble or line busy.
Very badly managed. It's impossible to reach them by phone for booking and when you do, turns out it doesn't really matter. Whatever time of appointment they give on phone, your number is in process again when you reach clinic. Also, doctors are always in rush to move on.
If you have the whole morning up to at least 2pm then make an appointment! Doctors never come on time, the staff seems like they are doing everyone a favor and in the last 2 months I have received the same response "Dr.Darius Shroff is on leave for 15 days"! Seriously? 

I am not saying that doctors cannot take leave, but when you are 'collecting' patients, how about having back up doctors who can look after the patients without having to spend the entire day at the Centre. A little more responsibility from doctors and care and empathy from the staff could make this place more tolerable. 

I AM SWITCHING TO ANOTHER CENTRE simply because of the long holidays and the slovenly treatment from the staff.
Very dedicated and very sensitive to the needs of senior citizens 
Wonderful hospital and institute building very nice garden, very neat and clean, gives very good impression. Medical services. Needs improvement. Took 3 hrs to get medicine from the dispensary., Only 2 disp. Counter was open for male, and female. None was opened for S. citizen for around 300 patient at any time., Need to open more dispensary counter. Took 2 hrs to see doctor, he did not look like a doctor rather a junior practitioner. Had heard much and read about the hospital, but got disappointed.
One of the best Ayurvedic hospital in Delhi.
Doctor's are very good and staff is also good.
Fully ac with total hygiene and sanitation.
Fantastic place very cleans and facilities and treatment very excellent 
All staff very hard working. 
Good ayurvedic hospital with experienced doctors and fully equipped. Well managed 
Good building managed by a worst staff... People usually come here with a great feeling of Ayurveda hoping that they will be cured properly but the idiot stuff is making it worse. The OPD doctors (I don't think they are doctors, rather they are junior practitioners) are good for nothing, have zero knowledge, zero sense of humor, zero ethics. They also humiliate patients, One of the example is Pushpa Sharma. Overall, You won't get what you are expecting from this place, You will realize that in the end.
The best maternity clinic in karnal. Not like other doctor who will opt C SECTION in every delivery. I bet 80% of the delivery is normal in this clinic. All facility includes inhouse ultrasound, rooms with attach washroom, proper sitting area.
Money Making machine...
No care by doctor .only by nurses.
Gyne
I have a thyroid problem and I have to do the blood test for that every third month and so far I have been going here for my blood test. The place is well maintained and clean .

the work here is done systematically.

After the test result is out even they upload the result on internet in your account.they treat patients very nicely I mainly go here because of the cleanliness and good service which they offer.

plus the tests don't even take more than 3 days for results to come.I  am a satisfied customer I will suggest this lab to others too.
GNH Hospital is best hospital in Gurgaon. All the facilities are available here..The staff here is very good and professional. I'm very happy. Good Luck..
GNH Hospital in Gurgaon is amongst best hospital. GNH Hospital has very good ambience, competent and friendly doctors, staff at GHN will never make you feel away from home
My friend injured his knee (minor) during sports and we rushed him to neelkanth hospital (Near Guru Dronacharye metro station) because he was in pain, Neelkanth charged Rs1800 and done nothing apart from pain killer injection. Next day we consulted GNH hospital Dr. Yash (Ortho), From here is why GNH is 5 star for me.
1) Hygiene :- Clean and even bed sheet are covered with white paper which will be removed after every consulting.
2) Professional :- Doctors were well dressed and will discuss the problem.
3) BEST PART: they won't charge you anything just to make profit. They are surely not like Gabbar movie. Doctor Yash said that he has called for physio therapist but if it is not physio case we have to go for MRI. And Physcio (A girl I don't remember the name) seems less experienced but worked professionally in 10min cured my friend by analyzing the fact that his patella got locked and need to be placed again on right position. Rather than getting profit out of patient (by unnecessary MRI) they do what is only necessary.
5. Even Doctor first concern was to look for some nearby hospital to take 2-3 sittings of physio sessions, shows are are concerned about patient and not money. 
4. They gave ultrasound, EVC (or something similar), Ice pack to my friend. Keeping my wallet ready to pay some heavy amount they charged only Rs500 :O.

For such hygienic and quality treatment (Ortho) I highly recommend them at least Dr. Yash and Physio there (2 girls both look inexperienced but are really talented). 

PS: I have only consulted ORTHO and will surely recommend them.
This is the one step solution under one roof.This is the best hospital with the best doctors
It's good ...my experience was good.
Nice hospital for middle level injury s
Nice
Good hospital and educational institute for BDS ,for poor people it's a boon young minds used to treat people in minimal cost.
Bad experience, it is cheap but better than the government hospitals, medical students practise.
It is inside the subharti campus, having a wide parking, near to highway58 and so many atms are present inside the campus.
Great Hospital with great team of doctors I recommend to everyone to visit it when required
Good only doctors  works
Very bad.. they extracted my wisdom teeth.. now i am facing problem with my TMJ joint of right side and also Ear tightness on same side..
World class facilities with the best doctors from all over India. The Hospital has a research oriented college too under Sharda University.
Really good and friendly hospital staff and with nearly all facilities.
Doctors of sharda hospital are very much efficient.. I would suggest Dr. Vikas bharadwaj his consultation as a neurosurgeon is quite good. Good supervision this hospital provides..
Good facility this hospital provides.. Dr.sudhir consultation as an orthopaedic is quite good.. Investigations like MRI provided by this hospital is beyond expectations in greater noida..
I am very grateful to you and your team for thr excellent support by you all during My treatment...  Dr.  Manish sharma (cardiology ) his consultation is very appropriate..
Best Medical Shop in bhiwani with a good person Dr. Subhash Chand Arora..
Enter at your own risk. They do not have the expertise to treat many ailments, yet they try to hold on patients through posturing. They will give wrong advice in order to make money. Their over arching intention is to ensnare patients and milk them for money.The doctors here are General Practitioners, not specialists. They do not provide referrals to specialists when required as they want to keep the patient at Umkal to make money, even if the patient requires specialized treatment. In terms of facilities, it is a very basic hospital. They do not have much equipment. They are not able to keep up with the well equipped newer hospitals in Gurgaon. They are more of a slaughterhouse than a hospital. They do not care about the outcome or results. They just want to make money.
Umkal hospital just want to make money only money they not blive in humanity they're all just believe how to make money form a normal peasant.....
Same on you
Umcal Hospital in Gurgaon  is a medium size  Hospital where AAM ADMI ( nothing to do with AAP political party) can get affordable quality care with compassionate personal touch. My experience has been very good. With so many big name hospitals in Gurgaon, UMCAL has a nitch for common person like me.
Incorrect address, seriously awful experience just to find the area it's opp IFFCO chowk
wrost hospital
Best in location,best in treatment,but also best in payment. In this cut throat competition, the question is not of only satisfactory treatment but when the strings of common man fell loose on financial front,the treatment look like an impossible thing to take. Besides, the gigantic soar and variation in medicines reyes in open market plus hospital run medicines shops, the purpose of good,better or best treatment quickly declines. 
Ok location
Visiting best doctors , most of the ENT doctors available, but hardly to find there timings. For say it is open 24 HRS but reality is no one can open the door before 9:00 a.m. 
Very old hospital near national highway (NH-58) and modi colony.
Not so good hospital. Doctors are difficult to find, even hospital staff works as doctor and the main thing is schedule timing is not proper to opening the hospital. 
Highly unprofessional and careless
i had been to Emergency at 12.05 A.M. tonight and was treated for  stomach upset and sent back home around 1.30 A.M.
When not recovered and visited again to Emergency at 4.20 A.M., everyone there was sleeping. When asked to call Doctor, one attendant named Rajeev (name as informed by him) told us that Doctor is busy and can not come out for discussion but rather advised us to go to Saroj Hospital.
When we asked Rajeev for the name of the Dr.., he went back to Dr. room to ask his name and told us his name as Dr. Anuj.
Only after approaching to the person at reception and after his phone to Emergency, Dr. Anuj bothered to come out of his room n informed us that he has already given the best treatment and now he can not help us anymore but to advice to go to Saroj Hospital as they can call a consultant or else we should get admitted.
This is the height of Carelessness and a strong action should be taken,
Arun Sakhuja
Good hospital
Nice hospital
nice hospital. i always come to here...
Good hospital
My mother is being treated for Jaundice. Doctors and staff is caring gives better attention to patients, behaviour of them is caring and attentive. I liked the hospital working. It is better than many hospitals in this region.
I was from ECHS so that was good for ECHS referred patient but for general patient i have no idea.
The hospital is equipped with pretty good facilities. Had my elbow operation here. 
The orthopaedics doctor, Dr. Manoj is a very friendly and humble person. Though I did feel some nurses were a bit harsh while communicating, but not all of them. The hospital is a bit pricy but what else can you expect from a private hospital. 
Final word. The hospital is great if you're not bothered in spending a bit more. 
Good professional and efficient. My father had his Vericose vein stripping procedure done there by Dr. B.P Gupta and he was in and out of the hospital in less than 30 hrs. Charges were fair in comparison to other Hospitals in noida. 
Very very Bad Hospital of Delhi NCR.
1) All Doctors and Staffs are not take care patients in ICU.
2) And cleaning of  ICU room is so poor.
3) Infront of ICU gate they put half meal tray in which very bad smell comming..
4) They focus only High Billing amount.
5) Plz Don't take risk for ur patient for her/him life...Choose another Hospital better than it....
6) They have  killed the patient in ICU.
7) They provide Local Doctors for ICU treatment.Bcz they pay low fee for local Doctor.Due to this patients have died in ICU.
8) When i was in hospital for my sis treatment in ICU daily one patient are died.As per my Record they killed two patient in two days....
9) In ICU all Nursing and Doctors are sleeping in night.
10) Very Bad Hospital of Delhi NCR....
My mother got her hand fractured very badly. I admitted her in Behl Hospital, Naraina, New Delhi immediately. The treatment given by Dr. A. Behl and his team of doctors was eye-opener to me. The recovery was very fast and now hand is in good condition. The behavior of medical and other staff was very cooperative and helpful. Everyone was concerned about the patient as they are treating their own family member. The rates were also reasonable. 

I saw an unexpected case at Behl Hospital. One day a very poor patient came to Behl Hospital which had injuries in leg. He requested Dr. Behl that being very poor, he could not meet expenses of the patient. Dr. Behl ordered his staff to admit his patient and assured him for best treatment without any cost. I was surprised to see this type of behavior in this era of evils.
I am staying in noida with my friend since a year or so for my studies. My friend slipped in bathroom while bathing due to which she had a fracture in her right leg. 
Our pg owner took her to Behl hospital immediately. I too was with them at that time. I found the staff specially the receptionist of Behl very cooperative and humble. Dr. A Behl operated her.The hospital is aided with all sorts of equipments and amenities well.
 I highly recommend and suggest everyone to go to this hospital.
My friendâ€™s child of 9 years old had severe abdominal pain. We went to well known hospital. They did ultrasound. According to them ultrasound was normal. But condition of the child started deteriorating. Then we went to Behl Hospital for second opinion. Then doctor on duty told that symptoms are indicating towards intestinal rupture. Dr. behl send us in ambulance for urgent new ultrasound from City X Ray Diagnostic Centre. It was diagnosed that intestine was ruptured. A team of doctor did surgery during late night and now life of the child is safe. We are very thankful to Dr. Behl and his team. The treatment and care I got in Behl Hospital was unmatchable. Behl hospital is a hospital having high quality nursing care and cleanliness. Rates are also very reasonable.

--Â Rajesh Singh..
Best doctor for bones is available here throughout the day
disgusting services.
whenever i call hospital phone is always busy.
and today from 9 AM to 5PM.
hospital cant even afford 2 landlines. one for intercom and other for customers.
I think 1 star will be too high for this hospital
GOOD EXPERIENCED,QUALITY DOCTORS, PERFECT NEIGHBOURHOOD CLINIC. NICELY TREATED BY STAFF AND DOCTORS. IT IS LIKE OUR FAMILY CLINIC. ALL THE BEST AND KEEP IT UP.
i came at apollo clinic for health check up. everything was perfect handled by proffesional staff and quality doctors... feeling delighted...
VERY COOPERATIVE AND EFFICIENT STAFF... GOOD SERVICES GIVEN BY CLINIC..
courteous staff and supporting doctor. Thanks to Dr. A.L.Das.
Horrific experience. The reception has a board that says the ATM doesn't work and they refused to return change of 2k since they are short of the same. On asking what is the option the receptionist said 'hamara BHI nuksaan ho raha hai, customer wapis jaa rahe hai!' I am sorry as far as I last remember an hospital's prerogative is to cure patients and not call them customers or seek fayda! The docs are good, yet again the process is painstakingly slow.  The systems are down. I believe they need an it and admin updation since it's a part of a renowned hospital brand!
Just awesome....well maintained..
All international equipments.... congratulations Mr. Anil Gupta and Thanks.
Wrost hospital ever seen. there is 4th class cafateria with poorest facilities. it is very coarse and dirty.
Have you ever seen commom toilet for ladies and gents in any public place.?
Therer is in QRG on ground floor Staff toilet in wich both males and females goes. All the system is frustrated.
Worst experience.. I suggest to my known people never come here. Doctor's are not puntual. My 5month son was cries alott for 1hour then his doctor came.. anesthesia doctor was very irresponsible.. overall my experience was very very bad. People here for only making money.
Good but not expected how much they charge
A very very clean hospital and very good all staf
This is the best eye hospital I have visited eber
Good for us...
Haryana- s tina+na
Ultimate 
Very good hospital


It's a good hospital having emergency ward too. A bit costlier than other options. Very good surgeons are there
It's very good Hospital. There are many great Doctors in the Hospital.
Personally I have had good experience with Dharamsila Cancer Hospital, NOIDA. They provided good services which really helped to get permanently cured from cancer, although chemotherapy negatively impacted sight of one eye.
Though would not want anyone to be coming to this one. But this is my first rating for a hospital and I find this one a very welcoming and clean hospital minus the negativity which generally surrounds a hospital. Well maintained 
In 2014, my relative had to be rushed to Dharamshila Hospital when he was having a prostate cancer. At that time, I was extremely impressed with the emergency department's response time and quality of care. 

 The First important thing which I liked is the pleasing attitude of their Nursing Staff towards patients/attendants. 

I must appreciate the Dietary Services also who were always on time with hygienic and tempting food for the attendants.

The Doctors / Nurses and the services of this hospital, all are appreciable.  
One of the best hospital for mother n child..  Great efficient and supportive  staff..  
Ambience also grat.  As this is specifically for maternity so you will find majorly happy faces :) 
This is the place where you will get your bundle of joy...  I got mine on 21st January 2017.
This is a best hospital for pediatrics. Doctors are very good n responsive. Open 24 hours 
We had an amazing experience. The staffs and nurses were very supportive. They made our 4days stay at the hospital quite easy and smooth. The food was good and of reasonable price. It's a good maternity hospital.
Money making racketeers... no service they are worst then Government hospitals 
I consulted Cloudnine Gurgaon when my wife and I were not able to have a baby even after trying for nearly three years. One of our close friends then suggested us to consult a fertility expert, who introduced IVF to us. The doctor first detailed us about the procedure together with its pros and cons. After understanding and pondering over every aspect, we decided to undergo the treatment. The service at Cloudnine was outstanding and its result is seen in form of our angle that came into the world about a month ago. Besides fertility, I even liked the pregnancy and maternity service at Cloudnine in Gurgaon, and I pray for their success.
The hospital has a larger area and is very well spread out with large corridors and well maintained rooms. However, this does not make up for incompetent patient care.
There is complete lack of communication between the operational staff, assistants and the senior doctors. Most of the time the assistants have no clue on what their senior doctor is doing or has advised his patients. Its left to Patient's attendants to hurry around, get hassled and figure out themselves what is happening or the line of treatment for their patient...... and this is very very scary. 
It seems the doctors are only concerned of getting patients admitted and generate money for this very big nursing clinic.
If you are getting admitted here please be very very aware on how the doctor is going to treat you
Worst hospital ever. Two days back Dr Sajeev Agarwal gave wrong treatment which costed us a very healthy man who never had any Disease ever life. Never go in this hospital atleast in emergency.
Shri Balaji hospital has cunning doctors and worst staff. They keep their patients till they can extract money from them. My yncle was admitted there for cancer diagnosis these ppl had charged us around 4 lac rupee that too can't save my uncle. However his condition got so deteriorated after treatment that he can't even remember his own name. After putting him so many days in icu they said we can't save him, deposit the money n take him home
We some how manage the money n paid them fees. With in few days he died.
There so many other good hospital which are reliable n provide good service at same amount just go somewhere else
Good place I had a adenoids surgery there thanks to dr KS Nagpal
Good hospital with 2 wings.  Normal and cancer wings.  All facilities available.
Hospital is have good facilities of treatments  and emergencies handling. Had Specified ward for different treatments. Team of doctors are dedicated. Parking managed by local contractors.

(Hindi) à¤‡à¤¸ à¤¹à¥‰à¤¸à¥à¤ªà¤¿à¤Ÿà¤² à¤®à¥‡à¤‚ à¤¸à¤­à¥€ à¤¤à¤°à¤¹ à¤•à¥€ à¤šà¤¿à¤•à¤¿à¤¤à¤¸à¤¾ à¤‰à¤ªà¤²à¤¬à¥à¤§ à¤¹à¥ˆ à¤”à¤° à¤¯à¤¹ à¤•à¥‡ à¤‡à¤²à¤¾à¤œ à¤•à¥€ à¤²à¤¾à¤—à¤¤ à¤•à¤® à¤¹à¥ˆà¥¤
Worst hospital I have ever seen.
If the patient is in serious condition then don't even think about going here.
Ek report k liye idhar se udhar ghumate rahenge and in the end they will say patient ko le kr aao.
I mean are u kidding me
The patient is in serious condition and you are saying to bring the patient for a report.
All other government hospitals are far better than ddu hospital.
Can be visited in case of emergency at any time. Its open 24*7. Parking is at owners risk. Separate rooms are allocated according to the concerned treatment. Major facilities are available. Medical stores are available just outside the main entrance of the hospital. The hospital has 2 entrance. One from the front and other from the back side.
They provide best hospitality service for their patient ðŸ‘Œ ðŸ‘
Best for poor people but it take too much time
Good Hospital in near bus stand area.. staff is good n caring for patients.
All Dr. Have mankind Nature....
It's ok
Dr Romit Hooda is an excellent doctor. I am a medical practitioner myself. I must say he is great with his work and patient handling. Worth the money you spend.
Not sure it's good..and fully equipped.
Well Equipped Hospital for All specialities,Dr Mohit is an expert 
Very good well equipped hospital
well equipped and very coperative staff and all special care 24Ã—7 trauma centre
Nice
Good hospital 
It's running only 
Because of
Dr. Dheeraj Dewan 
Gold medallist
Some of area is smelling badly...
Some of area is not cleaning
Some room top paint got down
They don't have a parking facility

Good service, qualified doctors. 
No. 1 hospital in bahadurgarh
Nice Services
 Good 
Good Hospital...
Improved in many ways..
Mahabir Dal Hospital is considered to be the most reasonable Hospital in Karnal as it is a charitable Hospital.

Doctors are well qualified and Medical aid is available 24/7. There's also a medial shop at first floor of the main building which remains open 24/7.
Use to b a good hospital but now they only Care for money
Goood work by this hospital in public domain as the treatment fee is Affoardable & good facilities...
This is a charity hospital...

BUT BUT still some doctors here are not good and charging a huge fee compared to other private hospitals. 
And also they r making money medical stores etc. etc...

Anyhow, Baby Delivery Deptt. is so good and affordable yet..
Can not say for the future years as the Arpana was good some years ago.... But now.... Ha  haaa haa
Though the hospital is being run by a charitable trust but corruption is on rise. Better to visit a private hospital or even government hospital 
Highly professional and humane too!
Good
Good
good
the sympathetic attitude of the doctor is warmly charming. cleanliness and care are satisfying
Economical than others. Paramedical staff is not good. 
Convenience of a 24 functioning hospital with all basic health services at zero cost in neighbourhood
its okay if you have cash crunch but better and clean then most of govt hospital
Good Hospital with good facility...but crowded also

Staff is very rude.. 
A worse hospital, please don't get treated /admitted here even not in case of emergency.
They have labs Just to show to get registered and approval from Government. 

THE MOST SHOCKING THING ABOUT THIS HOSPITAL IS THAT THEY MANUPULATE /COOK TEST REPORT TO MAKE MONEY.

They edit reports result from OK /NORMAL to ABNORMAL.

If patient is from any panel than they MUST keep admitted 3+ days even in case it is not required. Just to make money.

Worse Pediatrician even not capable to treat a small diseases.

SOME OF REVIWERS HERE ARE THE EMPLOYEE OF THIS HOSPITAL THEREFORE ONE CAN ALSO GET FAKE REVIEW.

Good Luck !
I went there for surgery of my grandmother who is 79 years old.. I was shocked to hear such low cost of surgery... went to max hospital for the same and the cost was five times the cost told by doctor of vikas hospital.. got it operated ... and got discharge after two days.. smooth process of discharge... the bill was way less than I ever expected... and they gave us discount too... yippie...thanks vikas hospital 
Went for my backache,, someone suggested me MRI. Dr Bharat Durgia , orthopedic consultant attended me with utmost care and told ne that there is no need of mri, he prescribed me some medicines and thats it ,, i was happy doing all my regular duties in five days
Went for surgery of my buaji there, dr kochar operated on her, she is 75 year old, was operated for hernia. Excellent surgeon and wonderful staff impressed me. Being myself anaesthetist , I was quite amazed to see the quality and care they are providing in nazafgarh at meagre rates. It was a great bargain for price too. I n elated . Thank you to the team of VIKAS hospital
Best orthopaedic doc (MR BHARAT DURGIA ) in vikas hospital
Thankful to all doctors, nurses and helping staffs of this hospital for the great service they gave during my Hernia operations.
Excellent job One of the best hospitals  in Delhi though it is expensive also. Staff is very polite and well trained. Some doctors are really good.
Poor management, since there was no one at the reception. Waited for like 20 mins No one came, I was suffering from high fever and felt really vexeted when the receptionist came and said that only RMOs are available and there was not even a proper physician available.
It was good experience with Apollo spectra.. 
Poor reception  they are all liers they say wait 5 minutes for doctor , their 5 minute will be 2 hours, Since 3 days I want to meet doctor Punit Dilawari but still im unsuccessful  to meet  him , And the behavior  of reception  is very but after they get the consultation  fees. But some doctors are good in there like Dr Mohanty. 
Good management 
Very nice hospital in faridabad for normal delivery very helpful dr kusum goel and dr vanita goel  and all staff thenk u so much
My wife was admitted since last four days 26th December 16 under cash less mediclaim. Every thing is going on good. Caring averege not good.Diagnosis is good.At the time of discharge they told me that Vigo not remove untill claim not receive from mediclaim. My wife feel pain due to Vigo and even no drip continue. And the reason given by hospital staff that Vigo not remove as patient not quit without payment. So Gundagardi it is not good attitude by your staff.

I am agree. My bill Rs.16980.00. Rs.10k already received by you.  And balance only Rs.6980.00 As per telephonic discussion with our insurance co and they said this desicission only upon nursing home. As you said that if any inspection happend they can see they iv point in her hand. Her hand also have soiling. She feeling so much pain so i requested to remove her iv but your lady doctor clearly refuse to remove that even patient feel pain. And about your treatment after discharge my wife geel same pain and I visit my regylar doctor. She said that there is no proper treatment done by hospital. Onle medicated and done in necessary test which no use .
My mom got sick while I was in US. She checked herself in the hospital. Staff took care of her like home. They kept me updated about everything. My mom was very satisfied so was her son too. I would highly recommend this to everyone as they go beyond just treating patient.
Overall a very satisfying experience..Thanks to Dr. Kusum, Dr. Vanita and Dr. Gaurav for wonderful treatment and gifting us with our 1st child through Painless normal delivery. This is one of rarest hospital we luckily came across which still believes and are doing a noble job. They dont treat their patients like customers..I would surely recommend every couple out there who are starting their journey of parenthood. Geeta Hospital is surely a good option when it comes to Hygiene, Medical Expertise, Care and ofcourse being reasonable on your pocket. We were worried and confused which hospital is actually good and it's really difficult to find one. But finally we found Geeta and they took care of everything almost perfectly.
It's really a nice experience at Geeta Nursing home. Very personal touch. Staff is also very cooperative. Thanks for all your support.
Arjun Hospital is good service providing in affordable prise
. 
Ankur chauhan
Good Hospital
Excellent W.R.Hospital.TKD
Good Dispensionary
Great Place to be in, in my opinion these people are doing commendable job for community. it is not easy to help each one in timely manner, high possibility the have taken care of all patient walked to Park Emergency in timely manner without bothering themselves without money. People will say negative but fact remains they are too good and take care of all critical & non accepted case in other hospital Like HCV, HIV Positive. Hospital refuse to take these patient and they warmly accept them.
A good quality,neat n clean hospital for urban and panipat rural nearby area as well. Quality health services and care provided.
The doctors of park hospital are so talented that they even operated dead body of my younger brother.No humanity left only money on there mind.The patient was dead when he reached the hospital and they faked it that they are operating him. Made a bill of 1.5 lacs of a dead person.
3rd grade hospital. If you want your patient dead..do visit this hospital! Chor hain saale..they even operate kn dead people just to hoard money! Did exactly the same on recent accident patient. Save your loved ones by not visiting this pathetic hospital.
A hospital with high quality facilities. Neat n clean... staff Helpfull n Emergency case special. 24 Hours open....
Parking problem for bike...
This hospital is so unprofessional, it's a shame. I was traveling from Delhi to rishikesh when I came in the emergency ward with my friend who had stomach ache and the doctor gave him a voveron injection without even asking any history of drug reactions/sensitivity. He didn't even inform us that he was giving him an injection and what it was for. We had to ask the doctor. After taking the voveron injection we were on the road again as we were travelling and within 30 minutes my friend got an anaphylactic reaction. His face and hands started to itch and swell and he had difficulty breathing. We were lucky that we were near roorkee and got to a military hospital which took care of the my friend and immediately put him in ICU. En route to roorkee I had called the doctor to tell him that my friend was having the above mentioned symptoms and asked him if it was an anaphylactic reaction to which he said that there was nothing to worry and advised us to take an avil over the counter. 
I would advise people to be extra careful with this hospital and avoide it if possible. And maybe the doctor should be sent back to medical school for proper history taking and bed side manners classes. These are people's lives they are messing with.
Shame on you Evan multispeciality hospital.
You know what's wrong with the people of Muzaffarnagar, People are just blindly giving 5 star to the hospital without justifying it or giving any proper points (believe me, most of them had never been there and are just impressed by high class look and big infrastructure). Guys, please don't rate anything (good or bad) unless you are morally authorized to do so.

Coming to the hospital review, it's misfortune of the city that we don't have good hospitals and doctors. This hospital, when it was started, gave people enough hope to get the good treatment locally without referring the patient to Meerut/Delhi; but overall it is failed to meet the people's expectations.

My Experience: Viral fever was going viral in the city and my uncle got the same. His body temperature was more than 103Â°F and on the same night we took him to this hospital. We took emergency services and got him admitted in emergency ward at 10:00 PM. As usual, like all other hospitals, the nursing staff came and started their not-so-special treatment which includes glucose bottle and other formal things. They said - doctor (Dr. Pankaj Jain) will come and see the patient shortly. We waited, waited and waited and at midnight 01:00 AM asked them again - When will doctor come? As expected, we got the same answer again - doctor will come shortly.
We waited till 7:00 AM in morning, whole night the doctors didn't visit the emergency ward. Then we asked them to release our patient and took him to another hospital. Evan hospital changed us the full amount to avail their emergency services without sending any doctor to see the patient (Here I am not concerned about my money, just pointing that how they are running this hospital like a shop and how they have changed the noble profession of the doctors to the businessmen).

Conclusion - What the Fish !!! What's the meaning of "Emergency" ward in hospital if the doctors can't come and see the patient. Don't trust this so called Multi-Speciality hospital, Go to the hospital/doctor you trust. In case of any emergency, better to go Meerut/Delhi directly because even this hospital will charge you same as the good hospitals in Meerut/Delhi will do. Money doesn't matter, you can buy a good Health Insurance policy up to 10 Lakhs cover just for 5000/- in advance, it will be useful for your loved ones in unforseen situations. Rest up to you, decide wisely to avoid any regrets later. I hope it helps.
hmm It's Awesome and nice one of the best hospitals in the entire region. Care, diagnosis and advice is very good. Patient is very well taken care of.
Very good & sophisticated hospital
One of the best hospitals in the entire region. Care, diagnosis and advice is very good. Patient is very well taken care of.
The hospital strives to provide "quality healthcare with compassion efficiency". A well equipped infrastructure and a dedicated team of qualified & experienced doctors are being efficiently & effectively managed by the sensible and considerate hospital management.
Probably the best hospital in MEERUT city, specialised doctors, friendly staff. And all modern equipments are available here..
no doubt  tht hospital is  fully facilitated ....n its right beside the nh-  58  but  i ve heard one big problm abou this hospital is tht  the cost of every small treatment is very high  and one thing is ac rooms for patient are also available ...hospital iis quite clean  and there is no any kind of dirtness there
No doubt this hospital is good at modipuram .Their mostly all patients are satisfied because their educated doctors are good in nature and also give satisfaction to patients and they have also cleanness in a hospital. 
Doctors are not good ..doctors behave very rudely and the staff is not cooperative and they are just looting people's money ðŸ’° 
Treatment here is the best and fast.................
GOOD
â˜†â˜†â˜†â˜†
Hostpital is close house 
This is the only Multi Speciality hospital in jhajjar. 
First multi speciality Hospital in Jhajjar even Advanta Hospital providing all kind of facilities at such kind of place......Awesome...... That is good for Jhajjar and near by..villages.. 
Best hospital in jhajjar
Best Hospital in Jhajjar city
It's just a hospital next door. Good when you can't go to larger and better hospitals. Not very clean. Excessively money minded so be careful. Use your mind and discretion.
Poor service. We went to this hospital at 11 PM for a friend down with chuknguniya. For us it was cashless and my friend was entitled for a separate room with an extra bed for attendant. Somehow They managed to give a bed in the general ward.They can't even provide proper bed to the patient and the attendant has to sit outside whole night. The general ward was more like a fish market and I bet no one can sleep properly. They made us to go through various tests. The doc was supposed to come next morning.We kept following up for the doc but doc came and left at 2 PM and we had no clue about when he came and left. Best part was he forgot to see the patient. They kept on providing glucose sline. When we asked doc has not yet come.They called the doc and doc said he will come at 6 PM. As we are still sitting here we are planning to shift to another hospital. Let's see...My sincere advise is avoid this hospital as much as you can.
Very unhygenic. Smells of strong phenyl. ICU ward are very dirty. Doctors and staff are good but delayed response.
The hospital is beyond pathetic. The doctors are illiterate, gutka eating, rowdy bunch of tricksters who don't pick up the phone even if a patient calls them 1 hr after consulting them. I gave a call to a doctor named Tarun Goel to get some clarity about a medicine. He said he doesn't have time and hung up on me. The hospital is run by piratically zero staff, except for the money collecting loudmouth, goon clerk and a medical shop for further pick-pocketing patient's money. There is no staff for attending patients.You have to find your way around. In short GOD help  you if you ever visit the pathetic Paras Hospital. It's not a hospital it's a trap.
It's a worst experience....even AC  is not working in deluxe room for which I have paid 7000 rs....unprofessional nurses and staff...
Went for an emergency case, medical service was good but the hospital itself was worst. Anyone can catch diseases if they go use this hospital's toilets. Plus dirty floors and messy ticket counters.
good
Good 
Health check up
Nice
Worst hospital in sonipat city.Chor hospital.
V. Bad. 

Its try to get extra money with unlimited test and experiment .first they play with patient without taking advice to specific doctor  they try to Identified his disceased when dc cannot identified than thay advice to refer anyother good hospital between this they try to empty your pocket as much possible. Bad service in ward. Care and room . Also useless rules to meet icu patient. Not a  good management to handle a multi spl. Hospital.
 I was not satisfied after taking 5 days treatment there.
Thief's... Worst...... Confused ......No service
Doctorâ€‹ walks 80 steps and charge 1000 ruppees without touching patient...Specially Dr Prashant
Gud 24hr services.. Dedicated staff n all faculty under one roof 
Good staff good doctor, i am staff nursh student,i am join tulip hospital .
Had an endoscopic surgery for Pilonidal Sinus for my son at Tulip Hospital. Dr. Akhil Saxena did an absolutely wonderful job. He is a pioneer in Video-Assisted Endoscopic Surgery in North India. For an otherwise open surgery that would have taken weeks to heal, he did it using A Videoscope which had my son back at home, hale and healed in flat 2 days. 
Even the better and big hospitals in Delhi don't have this latest technology in surgery. Would highly recommend this hospital and Dr. Saxena for any need for Surgeries.
The practitioner elucidates the issue very clearly and prescribed best medicines. Very satisfactory service.
Best skin specialist
worst ever!!! 
The doc prescribes expensive medicines that has no effect !!!
not good!!
"Staff are excellent, very friendly and really genuine. A clean and very nice hospital. A great experience, professional, efficient whilst being friendly and humorous."
Dear Sir, My experience with Apex Hospital is below average. I can say that my experience with Apex hospital is negative.
Hard working hospital
Only multispeciality hospital in palwal,
With excellent doctors
,reasonable charges and very clean 
,
Centrally air conditioned
One stop solution for all medical problems 
So big
Hospital

I went dere for Nukal and double marker test for pregnancy but initial finding in ultrasound doctor found my baby has no heart beat which leads to miscarriage...but i have given my blood sample for double marker test n test cost me 3000....if my baby is no more dere is no point of dis test which refer my ultrasound report..i have infotmed dem I don't want dis test but they refused to refund my amount as already gone for  process...but dey told me this test report will come in 4 to 5 days...i felt cheated.
Go there and lose all your money with no treatment 
First medical college in chitwan. Its first of its kind in operation around this area and contributed many free checkup camps
good servece
good hospital
Best...collage...in nepal
Good Doctors  re  well trained and experience holders and educated 
Dr. Amit Jain is Very soft and Intelligent docter in meerut...
Its a Really Good Place for the Cancer Patient Care... Committed to smile
Rahul singh 
Can go only for minor problems like headache. Clinic may not be registered. No consultation/medicine bills provided, no lab reports nothing is there. Just go there pay Rs.100 cash and its all done. Single person is there who is doctor/receptionist/care taker of hospital, also have own medical store.
Good medical facilities
Very poor &nonesense staff hospital  in case if emeragency no staff avl for a inj facility at home.very poor reception.after request do take ki receptionist on duty dated 10/04/2014 at 12:20pm theek se bat bhi nahi ki.
best hospital in ghaziabad
My son Shreyas was born here. This place has a special place in my heart.
Ok
Good
Best hospital in Alwar
Best
i love to work since 2014 till Nov.,any staff nurse job for 5yrs experience.....?? :)
Not seems to be correct address 
Does it even exist??? Such a poor company Panacea is. Doesn't pay to its vendors & to its employees. Stay away from cheaters. This hospital is just a hoax.
Hi friends,

join panacea hospital ,,,,,,i am happy to work with panacea hospital in project stage

â˜…â˜…â˜…
Good connectivity with many ambulances and cost effective various OPD departments.
Nice place but faculty was not so good
Hospital area is niche but suff is fresher
Ok
Good
GOVERNMENT AIDED HOSPITAL FOR CHEAPER TREATMENT.
Good tratments
Crowded place, lack of doctors
Good hospital
Good hospital best service & low paid money
RAJ SHARMA H.N.412 WARD N. 7 GALI N. 5 Adarsh Colony behind bansal nursing home palwal

Shyam villa
After took medicine from doctor but u can't get any help over phone in case emergency for pregnant womens.Very Worst Sttaf and Doctor also not coprative
Not good
Every hospital provides medical services so does this but the unique this of this hospital is that it provides a positive environment which is healthy for the mindset of the attendants and the patients as well.
Very tidy rooms,clean equipments everything at its best Thankyou kalra hospital and its managment for the great experience.
It was nice experience over there the hospitality n the Doctors r really good n especially Gaurav Grover sir n Zafar bhaiya both r really nice...
The experience was over all very good with kalra hospital
Doctors and Nursing Staff are good. But, Reception staff is extremely ignorant (you have to wait in line of 2 people while they take their personal calls and somehow all 4 persons in reception will be busy), non-cooperative (will make you visit them 4-5 times where work can be done on 1st day itself) and they will say you can go to other hospitals if you don't like their service. 

Reception staff of any government hospital is far better than here.

Reason: They have a contract with State Bank of India where SBI staff are tested and Bank pays them directly, giving them virtual monopoly and continuous flow of money & patients.
I thing the hospital is good with facilities.........

ã€Šã€Šã€Šâ˜†â˜†â˜†ã€‹ã€‹ã€‹
Good
Good hospital in rural area.Every medicine available here which prescribed by doctors.
Very dirty not well maintained . Doctors are also not friendly. Doctors also come late.
Nursing staff of the hospital is so irresponsible and rude. Doctors team  must more strict to to their duty and if they don't do as so they should liable to complaint the Head of their team. 
Multi specialty Govt Hospital in rural area of delhi
Very good Hospital.  Well maintained and great service.
Emergency- Doctors, Nursing staff & other associated staff members acted swiftly and dedicatedly. 

Ward- Once again experienced a great team of Doctors, nursing staff and Housekeeping fellows. All were very cooperative and very patient.

Took little time in discharging as Dr. advice discharge at 10am and it is 3:15pm by getting discharged. Not a major issue as of whole, the combine experience is great***

Hi, My personal experience during my mother's heart treatment it's ok for doctors but other side most of the staff unprofessional,  no proper seating for visitors,  lot of conjunction area wise, interior and equipments are not as per the current medical requirements also cghs charges is too high in terms of facilities if I campare under cghs of BLK Hospital, Fortis, Apologies,  Max and lot of other Hospitals. 
Need focus to improve professional staff and infrastructure. 
Thanks
avoid if possible patience service is worst here 
Would never leave my loved ones here again 
Good hospitality. But parking area is very restrictive
On the slip road and can be easily notice
totally unprofessional hospital & stuff. Never ever go there for anything.
Child specialist in Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, paediatrician in Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, vaccination in Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, immunization, child clinic in Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, neonatologist in Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, vaccination centre in Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, Child specialist, paediatrician, vaccination, immunization, child clinic, neonatologist in  Sohna Road,Badshapur,Gurgaon, vaccination centre in gurgaon
Best hospital
Worst service you can ever get in a hospital. Pathetic doctors pathetic staff and pathetic services all are present in this stupid and pathetic hospital who just wants money and is not ready to privide any service they can never understand our any problem all they can see is the money which they can earn from us. This is the worst hospital to ever go in which does not worth your money, time and you 
Very Poor Management staff, they never think about patient, they always think Money. Money is everything for them. Even they give wrong estimates and misguides. 

Regarding Delivery of Baby - Never visit to Fortis Hospital if you need normal Delivery, even they will convert your normal Delivery to a surgery. Dr. Indu Taneja (http://www.fortishealthcare.com/india/doctors/dr-indu-taneja-1146) is expert in it. Story is long but over all this is  not a good hospital. 

Thanks
Sanjay (sanjay.sirohee@gmail.com)
Very bad hospital. Doctors don't attend their patients. Unnecessary many tests
Its really pathetic hospital i would say.  Attendars in emergency dont know how to guide patient. They are morons. Thet think customers are fool.. Seriously goto hell services. Customers are paying so much still.. They should review and should work on the feedback.

They dont have even complaint box...
Doctor Is coming late and it's really strange to see only 2% Dr report on time. Patient are waiting like anything and Dr. coming late to their chambers and this lead to another hell experience to patient. Dr. come late but for lunch they found to be strict and leave the chamber sharp 01:00pm. 

Management seems to be least bother to address this issue. Cleanliness till 09:00 is in bad shape and from such a big hospital we expect better hygiene standards.
Good service hospital 
Good hospital...

Cantonment board hospital. 
Gr8
Once visited. Hope, god would not make me to visit again. Hospitals not good to visit. Cleanliness well maintained. Well mannered staff. Facilities are good.
Old name that has emerged into arrogance and pathetic service. Big buildings housed by poor doctors.
Super Speciality Hospital
It's just a small clinic. You can only meet the doctor. I suggest you must go to Medanta - The Medicity.
Awesome service 
One of the best hospitals till date. The prices are very reasonable considering it is a private hospital. The doctors here do take their time to listen to you and come to a valid diagnosis. Money is going to be spent in healthcare and I truly enjoy the returns the money gives here. I would like to mention the Oncology Department for their stellar work in treating so many patients.
Since the day I have started visiting this hospital, my experience every time is worse than before. No coordination amongst the staff, no contact person, no proper information, full of careless attitude...
I would not recommend the hospital to any one. There only priority is patients from foreign nationals. I would have never visited this hospital, if my doctor would not have been part of the hospital. Pathetic management.
Third class service and treatment is very costly .At the time of admision bill was very small but at the of discharge bill amount just double . patient will suffer definitely heart attack. Pls don't come here .
Thank you.. Thank you.. Thank you.. I cannot express my gratitude towards you with few words Dr. RAJESH SHARMA... for best pediatric cardiac surgery and a challenging person for complex heart surgery with good result. Thank you so much doctor.
Good if you are insured with company or policy. Money machine needed for a small treatment. Good services
Great to see and the kind nursing, hospitality and professionalism. Recommended to all when rush in emergency with patient.
Hello Bhartian's
Better Dr
Kidney Special Hospital in Sec 13....
Medical negligence & improper treatment post surgery

I underwent a vision corrective surgery at Sheetla hospital on December 27, 2016. however the procedure did not went correctly as advised to me before the surgery. now doctors are giving excuses for the procedure errors. i have not be told about the complications before surgery nor about the after effects of it. 

Now doctors are not behaving correctly with me and making excuses and trying to justify the complications.
Worst eye hospital, I ever visited. Nursing staff is quite un-experienced, I doubt whether they have gone through nursing training. It seems they are ex-football players as they play with eyes like football.

I went to the hospital for my mother's catract checking. During eye testing they were quite confused & handeled the eyes very roughly. Due to which my mother got very severe headache & we need to rush artemis hospital emergency. Where doctors checked eyes very softly & gave proper medication.
Good facilities... Doctor sloved all my quires... Had nice exprience over there and staff was cooperativeðŸ‘ŒðŸ»ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»
Worst eye hospital. Dr. Laxmi kuniyal does not how to speak. They are only concerned about your money. Even after paying money she refused to check my mother when she got to know that she had visited another doctor for second advice. Chor ki daadi mein tinaka.
Awesome experience.. great facility at affordable price. ðŸ‘
Oldest and cheaper than other hospitals
Excellent doctors with utmost care and that too at meagre rates... Hats off to the team 
Very goos hospital @ very good staff 

Nice doctors
A place for normal medical solution 
Nice
Verri Good 
best hospital
Good hospital. 
good

A good hospital
So so
Well services across meerut area. 
Biggest kidney hospital in meerut.
Helpful information, thanks
Better for treatment
kidney hospital
Nearly hospital at my house 
They gives as better services
V first private hospital of city in Krishna Nagar 
Services always better 
Nice hospitale in bharatpur 
good hospital dr. listened and examined carefully and give good treatment to me 
i m happy and  satisfied with the nurses too.
They have a general physician that comes thrice a day for 15 mins. Very bad experience due to his wrong prescription. Caused quite bad health in a week. He prescribed the medicine of very high power unnecesarily.
This hospital staff don't  know how to take care of newborns in their nursery. Head of my baby became flat from one ear side after admitting their for only three days because of their improper care.
Some doctors are good here. Lower level staffs like dressing man or nurse are bad. I have seen a patient who came for taking of his stitches. It is a simple thing but the dressing man made him to cry and blood was flowing from his body. In ideal scenario taking out thr stitch shouldn't cause bleeding. 
I take my wife for getting injections, that also they cannot do without bleeding.
Worst hospital.... AC was leaking even in ICU room, kept patient in wet bed in the night. Lost the pyjama and specs of patient in icu, received it after multiple complaints.
Good facility 
World best hospital 
Nice
Security staff except ICU are very rude n uncultured n untrained. Nursing staff (barring few) are no better than govt hospitals. If you ask Value for money, I will say NO. It's a no smoking zone but hospital staff, including the senior ones do smoke inside the premise, right under the no smoking sign.
One of the best hospital in India for heart surgery, very well experienced doctors, world class management and infrastructure. Clean atmosphere, good ambience 
If 0 star is possible option I will give that to this hospital. Medanta - dedicated to life they must change it to Medanta - Dedicated to MONEY, this perfectly goes with what they actually do.
The hospital is very good.All kinds of medical facilities are available 24/7.The doctors are very helpful and caring.They also care about patients life rather than caring about the money.
A premium location if you can afford. 
A JCI accredited hospital raising the standards every day
Right food to the right patient mission
Food and Beverage Services as per Health and safety standards
Beautifully designed and located in the heart of Gurgaon.
Very nice hospital. 
Best Government Eye Hospital Neat Village : Jorbagh, Tri Nagar, Delhi - 35 
Good
Rani Baghdad
It's very good Hospital. There are many great Doctors in the Hospital.
Good hospital .and also at good location,i am very much satisfied with facilities provided by the Hospital. The hospitalÂ  environment is wonderful. Experienced and friendly doctors .
Has a test tube baby center as well 
wonderful
Good ðŸ¥
Best for heart patiant  (Dr. Rajeev Agarwal) 
Good hospital .and also at good location, Easily approachable Good environment.
building is old and they don't work onÂ  Cleanliness part of the hospital staff. but Quality of service has improved but still there is a scope of improvement.
5 Stars for doctors, 0 for the staff behaviour, over the time staff behaviour has changed, special thanks to Dr. Rajeev Agarwal.
Nice hospital with almost all kind of facilities. 

Too crowded, long wait , cleanliness and hygiene are suspect. Post operative care is also suspect.
Nice hospital
Excellent hospital
Ok
This is the worst hospital we have encountered. Please be aware when you get treated at this place. If doctor prescribe the medicine nurse ask you to get the medicine but they don't give to patients & later sell those to make money.  This place blood bank also charge you 3.5k for 1 unit instead of 1k actual cost & say if you want take it otherwise go. This institute is just mony making place. If you don't monitor the reports & medicine given, the nurses skip things & always try to manipulate the data & they don't even mention the actual results to patients. Be very careful when you spent money in this hospital.
not good hospital at all , unprofessional doctors with very unprofessional staff and . doctor and nurses are not supportive at all.
not recommended. 
Nothing good please beware
Not satisfied by the service....
Excellent hospital
Renovated all Hospital n Dr. N staff is nice nature....
Have good medical facility, crowded but not clean
Cost efficient hospital
Full facilities..
Best
Dr harprit singh thank you ..orthonova hospital bahut good hai ..last week he mri nani ji  knee  replacement  operation hoya ..I like room service and staff....
Dr harpreet thanku you so much fo give me new life ... hun mai bilkul theek haa sir
Nice hospital
costly hospital with good infrastructure anddocters
Excellent
The doctors are good and hospital is just ok.
Good service and staff
Bobby Rajput
Good
Doctor 
Excellent staff and doctor at ENT department. Free parking available for patients.
The worst hospital ever visited.Staff members are totally irresponsible and behave really very bad with the patients.No care for their essential time. Staff is only money minded after getting payment they don't care anything about the patient.I will never visit this hospital again and also suggest readers not to waste their time and money by visiting here
Dr. Shroff eye Centre Kailash Colony is very bad in services and behavior of receptionist staff. They doesn't respect to patients and their time. They misguide the patient from appointment time. Please don't go to this Centre. But Gurgaon branch is really good. 
Sanjeev Kumar
Dear Sir rating and experience is very poor  there is a lot to work on services.
1. attendant behaviour very poor
2. way of speaking very poor
3. No one is ready to listen 
after paying 51500/- cash amount for surgery there was no wheal chair for patient
4.There was no one to give update about what is happening with patient
5. even no one cleaned patient face there was blood on her face.
6.Asking photocopy of case file for which already paid 51500/- hospital want ID proof of patient
7. Its clear harassment.

I give very poor rating. 
one of the best facilites for patients can be found in this treatment 
with such large area cover it uses each&every corner judiciously nd preciously The Seperate Children Department is one of the best facilites around the Delhi-NCR and enables
This Hospital  Focuses mainly that needy ones should be treated first nd free of cost 
Finally I would like to say a word of thanks to Dr. Suma Ganesh Mam and Dr.Prem for their service which enhanced my vision from 6/36 to 6/18 
Thanks A Lot SCEH for your kind service ....
With Love From
Sudhanshu Yadav
à¤¸à¤­à¥€ à¤¸à¥à¤µà¤¿à¤§à¤¾à¤œà¤¨à¤• à¤¹à¥ˆ 
Hospital look like a 5 start hotel from out or lso inside and the service is also great but the sad thing is tht they just want money
Hygienic hospital and good doctors to complement the infrastructure!
Ok
Good Hospitality!!
Address is wrong
Good hospital and cleanliness. Went to get rabies shot and came out within 10 minutes as they treated it as an Emergency case. Good service!!!
Batter cleanliness then others, treated very well

Not bad good hospital like 5 star
NC joshi Hospital
Good service
Best hospital for kids..
Best neuro
Neuro Surgeon Hospital with all higher Equipment.....
Better than most other child specialists in karnal
One of the best hospital for kids in Karnal
Poor reception and customer care. Bad ambiance and poor seating space. Not at all value for money.
few things needed to improve them to become best but you can ignore when you or your family gets best in class experience.
Great experience. . Attendive staff... Had a smooth experience. .. Thanl you Miracles... :-)
Pathetic Experience. Took an appointment with Dr Chetna Jain for my wife's treatment and bottom line is the hospital and doctor is completely unprofessional. They will find reasons for you to visit them time and again and pay bills. Better for health and safety try a honest hospital and avoid Dr Chetna Jain
Very convenient for lab tests. Sample pick up was done from my home at promised time. Test results were reported online by 4:30pm same day. Best lab in Gurgaon for all lab tests and consultation.
Needs a lot of upgradation
Good services
It's is very discomfort travel in hapur....
East Asia Pacific 
average facitlies
Very noticeable location with modern facilities for indoor as well as outdoor patients help.
Before the exit of Dr. Manoj Bhatla, a senior specialist,this hospital was almost 100 % successful in ailments of various deceases. But now, Dr Bhatla has constructed a separate Multi speciality Hospital nearby. So expertise n old name and fame hv.   been affected to  an extent. The rift n the  gap thus  generated is quite evident .
Healed my ill health and will yours. N staff is very caring n cooperative. Have a tea stall.
Efficient and proficient staff and doctors. 
it is comfortable by furniture . emergency room is also here
One of the renowned and caring hospital of Sonipat Distt. .Good treatment,medicines shop also available in the complex. But is not so much hygienic,neat n clean environment.
Best heart dental and obs Gynac hospital
Treatment is best but somehow cleanness and maintaince are poor as popularity
Good Hospital
Best heart care hospital
A very professional but expensive eye care speciality center. Otherwise, so good. But out of poor n common mans' reach almost....

Good hospital
Gg
Gud test tubebaby hospital 
Test Tube Baby Center  panipat
Super fine working
Mathura
No Numbering system in this hospital...when doctor come anyone can go without any Numbering system.
Hospital with latest & best technology & care of patients. Would recommend.
Only Hospital within a 100 km. radius to have the world class quality and safety standard proven by its NABH accreditation. Experience the power of serving the community with compassion, loyalty and integrity. Prem Hospital prides itself on the best care in all of Panipat without compromising on quality. Mostly all specialties under one roof. Would recommend.
Good hospital in panipat
very good staff. they deal in very decent manner .
best Psychiatric
Only problem is that place is crowded. Waiting takes long. Ventilation can be improved upon. 
Doctor polite and professional. Fee is negligible. 
The doctors are one of the most competent and experienced in all of gurgaon. Over the years, I've been provided with medical services which surpass all the outgoing standards. The hospital over all is very clean and the staff is helpful and also polite. 
Great staff.... Well equipped... !! Top class services... !! Very patient and humble doctors,  they listen to u carefully and then guide u the best of the treatment plan.. !! 
one of the best and recognised private hospital in gurgaon. they have very good team of doctors. staff is friendly and environment is homely. very personalized care and economical for patient. had a wonderful experience there.
Very well organised and provides comprehensive medical care. Outstanding service staff and most important talented and experienced doctors. This is kind of home away from ur own where u are being taken care of so well...
Best place with low rates
Fantastic care and professional, caring staff.
It's Okey
Awessome
Nice hospital,providing cashless facility.
Cashless Facility also available 
Eden hospitel
good cashless facility
okay okay types
Very Good health services 
Soo carefull staff. Dr. Vinod Goyal meet any time to person n patients no. Wise .....
Best children hospital in Panipat
Great
Doctors are very professional..
But the management is very poor.. 
Your appointment time has no meaning.. No need to be punctual at all or don't go by their reminder messages... 
No parking space.. Parking is a big issue in the hospital.. They need do to make sure they have adequate parking space for the expected people..
Alot of improvement and organizational setup is required...
Also not adequate space in the cafeteria to sit and eat...
They act very professional but some more improvement is required...
Doctors are very good but the nursing staff and upkeep of infrastructure is worst. Nurses have made the ward area a fish market they keep on talking whole night but no one is there to tell them that patients need silence and peace of mind to text to recuperate fast! In so called suite the phone doesn't work no pillows and bed sheet for attendents and no basic amenities for the money the hospital is charging. Frankly it's the doctor who have still survived through their best treatments otherwise the total infrastructure is very very poor! I had written same to CEO but he also seems sleeping so far!
Best hospital in Gurgaon...
Doctors and staff are very nice..
My doctor Renu Raina shegal is one the best doctor..She is very positive and caring..
Trying to contact on landline number ??????
Please dont waste your valuable time and money .
they never picking-up the calls. Tried many times 20-25 minutes holding, listening music but no answer .

What a Healthacre Service !!!

ZERO STAR
Good hospital and infrastructure. There is a lot of scope for improvement in services though, especially the in patients should be treated better. Can't just leave the in patients to the whims and fancies of lower staff and forget about them.
May be its smallest in size among all big names in gurgaon but indeed this hospital is doing really great. Maintaining good patient to staff ratio. Never over burdened with work hence assuring quality quite well.
Excellent care provided by Max GGN team.I suggest to all this facility for excellent Consultants and Nursing care. I felt homely like environment while in hospital and the hospitality is owsome...Thank you all those attended me.
Horrible experience in emergency- visited emergency when my wife fell done and got a cut in her head. though she was not bleeding but her head was paining. The emergency doctors saw and went off. I had to wait for 30 mins. When I called the docs, they told either to wait or go to some other hospital. So I had to go Fortis emergency. I had my wife treated and I had to pay only Rs.500. These emergency docs in Max are juniors who will put canula and give injections and would make a huge bill. Once I had paid Rs 4000 for fever and cough. Request to the hospital authorities to be human.
Visited and availed medical services multiple times. Very satisfied.
Overpriced,overhyped hospital. Pathetic doctors only here to make money
I will have to go with the review of the Orthopedic surgeons. The write up on the site is good, but only the third ortho who is based in the dwarka branch checked my father and gave some sensible advise. The Physiotherapist on the other hand was quite professional and helpful.
Absolutely pathetic service. Simple X-ray was to be taken but even after two x-rays, they need one more. Moreover, the Doctor (Ortho), who attended the patient was the most illiterate Doctor I have ever met in my life. He does not know what communication is, especially when it comes addressing those who accompany the patient. "Call the security and kick these guys out" is all he could say... all this because he examined the patient after the X-ray was done. And he calls himself an Ortho Surgeon... 

More so, he has the guts to call the security to kick us out. Such doctors should be kicked out of the hospital immediately. 

Strongly recommend not to visit this insane place. There are just a bunch of jokers sitting here trying to manage the show. 
Hlw
      We are addmit my two months old baby
     Unko namunia tha. Padriectice doctor come in emergency fastlly and take care very good and refer to ICU.7days treatment are given and condition  butter but The problem is not clear (like-the sound of cough in chest are available, loose motions the baby)we ask doctor but he and she says that baby are good 
And discharge the baby
After one month baby condition are same

Note:-  à¤…à¤¬ à¤†à¤ª à¤¹à¥€ à¤¦à¥‡à¤–à¤²à¥‹ à¤¹à¥‰à¤¸à¥à¤ªà¤¿à¤Ÿà¤² à¤—à¥à¤¡ à¤¹  à¤¯à¤¾ à¤¬à¥ˆà¤¡
Lot of changes now... far better experience this time... new and efficient staff, better customer services. Good keep it up.
Best orthopaedics team in delhi ncr... wonderful patient care assistance.... nice experience
Good
Good

Vest hospital 
Green hosptail

This  might be the worst hospital in India, if we consider the culture, service and treatment charges. They follow very bad practices of making money in a profession that is considered to be noble. The patients suffering from pain ,trauma,disease,handicap or deficiency look towards doctor for relief as he looks towards God.  And this hospital and its kind have deteriorated the nobility of this profession to such an extent that they can be compared with butchers, whose main purpose is getting money by killing the livestock. Jaipur Golden is pioneer of what I must say Captive Capitalism, they have a network of small hospitals in Delhi who create panic situations in front of patients and then recommend Jaipur Golden to them, assuring them of right treatment and right price even promising them of discount by their reference. But once you are in, their is no escape. There is no display of cost of treatment, they give loose estimates which fail every time and you end up paying 4-5 times of the estimates. The doctor referencing you disappears or backtracks denying you of any help. Even you are bound to buy the medicines from their in house Pharmacy franchisee at MRP, whereas pharmacies in front of their main gate and elsewhere give 20-40% discount. They take away our freedom of availing the best price in free competitive market. While admitting they will waste the day time and create your file in the late evening so that you cant inquire much about the cost factor. The public relation officer is inaccessible most of the time, even if you some how catch her she will flee in seconds with the alibi of meeting with Medical  Superintendent, who herself is cold blooded Business development officer in disguise of MS. She will never hear your side of story, even if you have reached her after days of chasing. If you inquire or complaint you are her biggest enemy, and all the staff is directed to mistreat and misbehave and they do exactly the same. Only Ms Jyoti of the account department and the security staff are polite and reasonable in their work. In all this process you loose time, money and hope and there meter is running. Even the quality of treatment is low, trainee doctors are deployed as supervisors at neonatal ward where premature babies are kept. One doctors prescribes an injection and other stops and warns for its use after due checking whereas the first one persists to use it. Complete chaos isn't it. The story is long and paining, I will come up with a blog and update here sometime. I warn everyone of avoiding going to this hospital without complete and proper info in writing.
A very good hospital for heart treatment. My experience was excellent, good doctors and medical staff.
The worst hospital with no courtesy even towards small baby . They talk about protocols but never stick to there on words .. very money minded and heartless people with high headed ego from OPD staff at reception to higher level 
Never visit such hospital 
The worst hospital experience ever in my life
Good hospital . Doctors are really nice and even nurses do care for the patients . I had my experience and it was wonderful . thank you Dr PC Prasad 
 for my treatment but your bad thing is you don't leave the patients easily and make
Good care and service. Surprisingly, much better than expected !!
I loved it. Had a surgery here and was very scared of it. But the doctors placed all my fears to rest. They are very empathetic and professional. I recovered fast and well. 

The whole team do their best to make you feel like home. Which is the best part of all.

Thanks a lot FIMS.
Frank Institute Of Medical Sciences (FIMS) is being run by Frank Life care Pvt. Ltd.
Fims is a better place for quality hospitality & treatment of ailments through a large penal of specialized medicine experts & surgeons.
Its a big achievement for city.
Thanks to its founder Doctors.
To cater best , specialized treatment in various streams,is the goodness of FIMS hospital at Bahalgarh road , Sonipat.
Though it is little bit expensive of all local hospitals but much cheaper than Delhi's good hospitals. Specialist s n staff are so much caring enough to increase life expectancy.
Incompetent and arrogant staff. Management Money looters. They really don't even know basic cannula and Catheter procedure.
Used to go to Delhi for dialysis every week.
But FIMS, offering quality super specialty services, has helped us a lot in saving time,money, and hassle.
The cost is almost 1/3rd than most of Delhi hospitals for treatment by same doctor.

Undoubtedly, the best.
Highly recommended.
Such a bad & worst experience with Dermatologist Prof. Dr.TR Bedi.
Such a arrogant and rude Doctor.
If you don't have your medical history with u then Dr.Bedi will not attend you and he will throw papers on you.

Interesting factor :-
Suna tha Doctor bhagwaan hota hai,
Par jinse hospital chalta hai ya jinke liye Dr.ko appoint kiya jaata hai,unko SRS Sunflag me aise treat kiya jaata hai....

Lagta hai Govt.ne take over kar liya hai Sunflag hospital ko.


Total ethical and scientific services in all the specialities.  Team of experts in respective fields. Reasonable charges. 
Nice staff
There is nothing to like.

Charges are exorbitant and service is extremely poor.
Doctors are experienced but the paramedical staff is simply below mark.
As such there is a lot to be improved.
There are a number of hospitals in Faridabad, otherwise.
Good hospital with a good healthy atmosphere
Good for emergency, good hospital 
24Ã—7  emergency care
The emergency team is okay , but they need to improve in lots of things.
IEC
A Multispeciality Hospital
Bad staff high cost
need many improvements . it urgently need a diabetic section with specialized doctors and facilites .. because there is a huge number of diabetes patients in the ghaziabad district
good quality good employees only reason of bad environment is because of lower class patient and all.
Doctors  prescribe all expensive medicine from out side Shop of hospital ....
District Government hospital of Ghaziabad. No facility up to the mark. 
Best
Affordable and proper treatment by doctor...
Best Hospital
Best hospital for eye check up. I was able to get my eyes checked within 45 minutes without appointment. Very efficient and got good diagnosis. I don't wear specs anymore. Very good doctors.
Highly unprofessional people...wrst administration. Had an encounter with Mahesh and Preeti at sector-29, Gurgaon. Very very bad experience.
Good hospital and very humble staff. 
Speciality clinic for eyes and related disorders,professional doctors and caretakers... RECOMMENDED..
Good doctors who will trwat you well and not misguide you.
Government hospital in Faridabad with prime location near B.K.Chowk.
Worst Hospital in Faridabad worst staff never go to this hospital in Night time most of the staff becomes in sleeping mode..If you ask for the doctor then she/He will told you that she is in operation theatre but in reality she also keeps on sleeping..NEVER NEVER NEVER Go to this hospital
New building of ayush is nice
Government Hospital in Faridabad, Recently changed Name as "Civil Hospital", A lifeline for poor people.
Well maintained government hospital 
I visited Venkateshwar Hospital some 2 months back and I am really happy with their caring and convenient services. Especially the medical staff here is really good they keep proper care of every need of the patient. Also the location is very good you can visit here from any corner of Delhi. I recommend Venkateshwar to everyone looking for a good hospital.
Neat and clean place, with inhouse most amenities.

Doctors are less as little less patients.
Good people good infrastructure good staff there is everything so good about this hospital. I strongly recommend everyone to prefer Venkateshwar Hospital over other because of the services and caring support staff here. I havenâ€™t seen a hospital with an infrastructure as brilliant as theirs. Great work guys J
Dr.P K Sharma is the best doctor working....he is having the aura of a perfect doctor and he aims to treat the patients as his priority not as just another "PATIENT"...!
My experience with Venkateshwar Hospital was very good. Very impressed by the infrastructure of the hospital. The lifts are fully functional there is 24 X 7 power supply good patient care, I really appreciate the services of the hospital and the care of the support staff. Good keep it up.
1st Digital O.P.G machine  in JIND. .....
Super
Excellent experience in Tirupati Eye Centre. I think It's Best Eye Care Centre because they have latest and affordable technology who provides to people best care, world class Eye Surgeons and great staff who cares people at every moments.
Nice
Good service
I didn't find your contact details!!!
Very high quality surgery work by Dr. Anant Vir Jain. Well managed hospital. Keep doing good work
Nice
Eye Hospital
Staff is very supportive & well educated.
staff is best
Good nursing facility
Good hospital
Best hospital for gynaecological surgeries in Gurgaon. Drs. Chetna Jain, Dr. (Lt. General) Punita Arora, Dr. Renu Misra are among the best surgeons around.
One of the best hospital in Gurgaon with good child specialists and gynecologists. Their NICU is costly but they have strong team of pediatricians.
Doctors are very good and the price in reasonable. Doctors and staffs are very co-operative. Im happy with my experience. Highly recommended
We went for our scan..its our first so naturally we would have questions but the staff was not at all interested.. she simply took the scan..when i asked i want to see..she said let me do the measurements and calculations...and there after soon ended the scan...i am not happy with their way.. appointment has no meaning cause 5.30 actually means 6.30 according to their timings..u always have to wait...is there any better facility...
Best mother & child care hospital in gurgaon
Sidh Shri Sankat Mochan Hanuman Mandir built with great religious feeling is attended be devotees almost daily n especially on Tuesdays with great rush. It is believed that pepoles problems are solved and they are filled with power with the Blessings of Ram Bhagat Hanuman. A mandir society runs this temple on voluntary basis. The patients visiting Mittal Nursing Home- just opposite,also offer their prayers for early recovery.
Just good child hospital 
Dr Mittal is a good child specialist, book well in advance, very crowded
Good child hospital in Sonipat!!
Nice
Vikash gautam
best care is given here in terms of treatment, stay, medication. Very supportive staff and good patient and doctor relationship. The only one thing i would like to suggest ..pls make a room for patient attendants where we can sleep at night. Rest i am very satisfied with it.
Metro hospital has improved a lot...it is well managed and neat and clean hospital. My experience here with doctors and employees have been very nice. We are going to metro hospital for our all health checkups or general consultation from last 10 years...so have that trust in it..God bless
My mother got operated for vericose vein repair at metro hospital faridabad.  We are extremely satisfied with the procedure done. Hospital staff and doctors are very friendly and helpful. Thanks for extending great care and comfort to us.
Had an awesome experience. I am fully satisfied with the services provided. 
The staff is very helpful and the food was very good.
I visited metro hospital for my sister maternity case..All hospital told us for pretty mature delivery but when we came here and consulted Dr. Seems Bansal ..She told us that baby will be on time....n she was right...My sister gave a birth to a healthy baby . We are thankful to her and metro hospital Faridabad for their best treatment.
Extraordinary and very quick discharge process service provided by Mr.AJAY today for our patient mrn 18014, meenu's assistance from billing desk was also appreciable. Ajay's behaviour is always very warm and affectionate in all our visits and admissions in this hospital. Hope he keeps it up. All the best.
I have visited the hospital for the first time to meet gynae doctor, but with busy schedule there was no slot available for consultation, but one of the staff from reception Mr Ajay, spoke to doctor & requested her for my wife's consultation, although with booked time doctor agree to consult. I am very thankful to Dr Vinita & Ajay for their support, all healthcare facility should have these kind of doctors & supporting staff.
My patient is discharged today very good services provided by hospital. Specially thanks to Dr Neeraj & Lachhmi from customer care dept
Regard narsingh dhama
Outstanding services provided by hospital ...Great Doctors like Dr Vinay Bhatt.from admin team wants to thank Anupam ,Neha ,Lakshmi and Sachin for their support during billing.
Very kind and generous experience I really admire Dr Deepak Verma for being peaceful in hard times and Mrs lachmi in tpa for being kind and listenful always
Huge in size
Famous hospital
Visited by amitabh.. that's y it's more famous
Very expensive... Try to hole in pocket.. They note from the doorstep that which car you own.. Basis that they will charge 
Great healthcare services for kids... they understand the requirement from parents perspective which is not that common for medical professionals 
Ok
Disgusting hospital. Rude Doctors.
"PREM TEST TUBE BABY CENTRE" This hospital is located in meerut and is known as one of the top IVF centres in city. It has a team of renowned and respected infertility specialists and highly-capable medical staff to provide reproductive success.
When it comes to find best ivf center in India, then it has to be PREM TEST TUBE BABY CENTRE. This hospital is considered one of the best IVF and infertility treatment centres.
I would like to suggest PREM TEST TUBE BABY CENTRE for those childless couples who have been taking the emotional pain of not being able to give birth to their own offspring, Now with help of PREM TEST TUBE BABY CENTRE  in  guidence of Dr.  Aarti sharma all couples will make their own family and live happily.....
highly qualified doctors big hospital and only surrogany centre in meerut clean and neat environment inside hitech health machines are availaible
One of the finest facility in North India. Genuine People.
Good doctors, but poor service from staff. Hospital doesn't maintain any proper records and provide discharge without any proper documents. Documents which they provide does not match with their own records. So  go to this hospital for any general treatment not for specialized treatments.
Be it doctors or staff every1 is running after the money in their own ways.
They tell you 22000 for normal and 32000 for c section delivery
But end up the bill with some 85000 for normal delivery.
Better chose from some normal hospial instead of these decoits.
99% cases they do a c-section v fond ourselves lucky enough in that regard.
They scare you in last min and will make it to OT for 30 mins least and 30000 is what they charge for 4 stiches after getting the consent signed and scaring you to the core.
Really avoid these commercialised 5 star hotels and be practical..........
And evn if you are thinking of an exclusive painful holiday package you are most welcome in shanti gopal hospital
They are waiting.....
I visited shanti gopal hospital on 2 ocassions. Once for my surgery of pilonidal sinus handled by Dr. Sudhir tyagi and recently for delivery of my wife handled by Dr. Divya Agarwal. I should say both of these doctors are brilliant and takes great care of there patients. The hospital staff and administration is providing great care to the admitted patients round the clock. Everybody was very cooperative and there are systematic procedures in place for everything. The cleanliness and hygine is commendable. Overall the services and care provided by the hospital its doctors and staff is beyond the expectation and will not be heavy for your pocket. I have been in touch with Dr. Divya for a long time and I do recommend her for all pregnancy cases.
Good hospital. Reasonable fees. Kept clean. Staff not great though. And missing on lots of front. 
Unprofessional rude staff, poor customer service,no empathy, commercialized, biased, breach of policies & procedures is a full time job there. What else haan. Dr. Sanjay Garg(Gastro) is never punctual, was late by 2hours from his time, does not have etiquette to talk to the patients. First & the last time visited this hospital
No 24 hrs service for emergency patients, not so good. Would not recommend to any one...
good staff
Nice hospital, supporting staff
Good hospital & helpful staff! 
good
Operation is too successful to compair others hospital all OT staff r very well educated.thank u mitr hospital.
Inexperience people... They are just doing research here on the wellness and  money of patient.  Though few good people are also here. First time I have seen 5 people came to take blood sample and either of them don't exactly knows what to do.  Forget about security.
Incompetent staff and doctors. They do not know how to handle the most basic cases. I'm attaching picture of how they administered an injection and overcharged me. The advice that doctor gave me was that digene and meftalspas should be taken in case of hiatal hernia.
Called to book an appointment for general physician. The attendants were impolite and unprofessional and disconnected the call 5 times when i tried calling repeatedly. They deserve 0 star. I could hear people giggling away aa they shamelessly said they could not hear what i was saying.
super speciality hospital in Noida
Thanks for the experienced doctor Dr shalini for their appreciable support in mother care and NICU care
GOOD BEST AND IT'S STAFF  ARE GOOD WORK.  ALL STAFF IS GOOD.
Dr treat like a frnd ,, help all time and dont behave like stranger........ I think this hospital is best all the hospital....... 
Best laproscopic center in East delhi in affordable price 
Only cars about money, don't even listen properly, don't even see what is wrong either and ask to do dozen of stupid test and in the end tells the patient to check with another doctor... Greedy peoples have some shame you stupid peoples.
I have an thought about urologist Dr. R.k. chaudhiri.he is worse doctor. Careless ,unpleasant person.
Great team of enthusiastic doctors. 
Economical, prompt, trustworthy and Excellent Hospital.
Amazing hospital......my bro get a great birth with luxurious facalities..
pathetic hospital,,,they do business with the life of people
Really nice hospital and good service.
place is short
Good 



Well known & nicely facilitated Hospital.
Nice Hospital 
Nice hospital
Ok. 
Very neat clean environment
Dr. Magu is a good surgeon
Good staff
Best way to Live life is By Pure Ayurveda, Pure Ayurveda Pure Life , best treatment for Chronic Diseases Like Skin Diseases, Git Disorders, etc.
Best for Ano-Rectal Piles, Haemorrhoids, Fistula-in-ano, Fissure etc Treatment By Kshar-Sutra is best way to treat Piles and Fistula, we do our best for Treatment @ MsArogyam.
Treatment, atmosphere is good. Main problem is with medical store. They charge every thing on MRP which costs to patients very high. Generally we get medicines from outside at 5-10% discount rates. This is only store here so people are forced to purchase from here only.
Infact doctors write those medicines which are available only with this store. This is my personal experience.
Providing good treatment at a very affordable prices. Staff is also good
It's a trusty hospital, provide best treatment in reasonable rates. 
Best services provided with very experienced team of Doctors.
Best treatment at good price
All they care about how much money they can suck out of you. From receptionist to doctor just don't care about you. Medicine they sell from their own dispensary can be found outside with around 70 to 80% lower rate because they write of some specific drug companies(whichever give them most profit). Will never visit again.
"Good service and patients care."
Bhai sahi mayne main loot ka adda hai, doctor are only prescribed medicine those only buy from opp. site medical store (only one have those medicine). in very high price. but same composition medicine are available in other medical store in very low price
a good private hospital near janakpuri or sagarpur
This hospital is just for money making hospital, they just don't care about the patient. Dr. Neha Bhargwa is not good for treatment, she is very rude with patients actually they only wants the money anyhow. I think govt. Hospitals are much batter than bhagat hospital. So please guys its request to you so not with that. They are making you fool.
The best surgeon in karnal 
The best surgeon in Karnal.
Hospital Setup is good...
Awesome facilities good doctors etc
Hospital is running Good. 
Hospital with nice facilities
Exelent
Bobby Rajput
Good service and instantly response. And good behaviour staff and dr.navdeep
Got my hair transplant done. very good teamwork. personalized care.
Very knowledgeable Staff and great services. 
Best clinic for hair transplant
Good
A charitable Hospital meant for poor people who can't afford to pay high charges for medical services.
Its good... Nice atmosphere here... 
Best hospital in budget
Super special:-)
Worst hospital
Best private hospital in alwar. As poor people can also get facilities properly. Dr. Solanki have a very very good experience.
I will give rating out of 5 like this :
Cleanliness - 3
Supporting Staff - 3
Doctors - Should be more experienced (rating is 2 or 3)

Doctors just want to earn money,  unnecessary admit, unnecessary ICU, unnecessary drama

My bhabhi is suggested for operation of kidney stone by Dr. Awadh Aggarwal (M.C.H urologist, doctor is good). He is not in the strength of Solanki hospital but hospital call him for surgery.
One of the doctor "Sanjeev Singhal" give us date of surgery without asking or confirming about availability of Dr. awadh on 24-10-2016. I requested him a lot of time please first confirm to Dr. Awadh for surgery on this date and then call us but he refused and rebuked us that this is our matter not yours. One more thing that I want to mention here that Government has decided some price or package for surgery but they are charging just double or triple of that without providing bill.
When we are talking about these thing one villager came and requested to doctors(Dr. Sanjeev singhal and 1 more) that my brother is serious please admit him, doctors are not listening him properly,I shouted on doctors why you are not listening and attending the patient then they just ask his brother about condition on their chairs only. They didn't went to patient, he was on the road till that time they simply refused him to admit.(Ohh my god why they have forgetten that "Sabse pehle hum sab insaan hai baki sab baad me koi doctor hai,koi teacher etc.")
My bhabhi got admit on 24-10-2016, glucose drip started,all paper formalities done then they said that Dr. Awadh is not available today, operation will held tomorrow.Then I said to Dr. "Sanjeev singhal" that this is unnecessary admission of today but he is not having any manners and said "you feel that this is unnecessary but i don't". we all relaxed in private ward for 1 day like that we came here for picnic.
Surgery done by Dr. Awadh succesfully next day. But I think that in alwar there are not good hospitals options so they take advantage of this.If possible please avoid this hospital.
Best facilities hospital in Alwar
Good health services
Good
best hosital
Nice Hospital all facilities easily available ...
good 
Pahuja hospital
Urology and ultrasound center
Shabnam. 
Great
Jhakaaas app
Best gyniklogist. Dr. Padmavathi. Humble team uma sanjeevani dlf please 2
Dr. Sahay the best doctor i have ever seen,Good Luck
Dr. Vivek Anand and rest of the faculty very efficient. Worth visiting as effective treatment given at affordable rate
Very good doctors
Very humble and genuine doctors and dedicated staff. Would recommend to friends with any medical problem.
All they want is to financially exploit you. You can easily identify the interns pretending to be doctors. They don't know how to give an injection. Always leaves a lump behind. If you get admitted here, you will be left with a long bill and you will keep wondering why
Looters not doctors.There is Dr himanshu(general physician) who loots like anything.He usually will call u after 5 days(as their fee is valid for 5 days) and say We need to change medicine every 5 days.,We cant continue with these medicines for more than 5 days.Once I came 5th day,he said keep continuing with previous medicines,No problem.Now How could I continue for more than 5 days.....Looteed 10000..Then I visited Aiims where dr said that some doctors do this and give these medicines to loot patients.There dr gave me 1 month medicine and I m v v fine now.WHICH MEANS Dr (as they say) HIMANSHU IS A LOOTER NOT DOCTOR........Kindly dont visit here.
Worst,Pathetic receptionist who are always busy talking to each other and talk like they are hero and have Not even a single Ethic of talking.They pretend to be super busy in some professional talks with some girls(front desk).The doctors are even more worse like hell.Dr Naresh pandita is a ortho dr who knows well how to loot patients and dont even know what the problem is exactly before treating.Just a gang of looters in this hospital.DONT EVEN THINK TO VISIT THIS WORST HOSPITAL.
We certainly had a great birth experience!
Thank you to the team of awesome Doctors, Caregivers, & Staffs...We feel like I couldn't have been in any other better hands on the day our little princess came into this world.
Both Dr. Bindu Ma'am & Dr. Teena are amazing...could feel the personal touch every time we meet them. They are the best!!!
MONEY MINDED DRS LOOTING PATIENTS. Drs generally ask u to come after 5 days as they say we need to change medicines after 5 days bz their fee is valid for 5 days.They also recommend v costly medicines like hell.Medicins will giv u quick heeling which will last for fw days only....These people r just playing with health of patients....
Good
Good Hospital
Gud doctor.
Good Medical Facilities and Doctor is very experienced.. not rated 5 star as staff is not as co-operative as a hospital staff should be 
Good
Bcz 
Medical facilities is best
Has a medical store opposite side of road also
