Best hospital in ghaziabad. Polite staff. A bit expensive but when it comes to health u pull out all stops . All patients are well treated. Parking is a problem. Doctors r cool and attentive. 24 hour emergency.
Expensive but good facilities. OPD fees 400 but not given authentic reciet. Waiting time in OPD is long enough to take a sleep
It's very good Hospital. There are many great Doctors in the Hospital.
The hospital is just fine. Good doctors. You can visit it if you are accompanied with a relative. However, if all your family members are sick and then you visit, it could be a horrible experience. I had a fever of 103.5 and still made to wait more than half an hour under AC at the pharmacy to buy injections for me and my family. They don't distinguish emergency cases from general cases at the pharmacy level. I would not call it a caring hospital.
dear sir,i happens to be a regular beneficiery from the year 2013 till date for the entire my family alongwith my office staff.but it is very much disgusting to intimate that,during my treatment of dental at your hospital,in the morning I extracted two of my teeth by Dr.Mallika Kishore,but to my ill luck the bleeding continued after 6hrs also,hence I called the emergency,Dr.Shashank Tayal attended to me and do the needful within 15minutes of treatmenti.e. cleared the mess and made two siches and releived me from the hospital.The main issue I am surprised to intimate you that,the bill for such a little medical help that to without CGHS coverage was Rs.3000/-,which I think has crossed all the inflationary index in the world.People of country like India has never dreamt of this kind of charge.I think your this type of charge is taking advantage of the trouble people face.This matter may also be taken up with the Ministry of Health,Mr.J.P.Nadda,who happens to be a well wisher of your organisation and good gentle man.
I hope you will definitely look in to the matter and act promptly for giving justice,because I have seen your organisation flourising due to your pragmatism.  Thanking you.
