not good at all.
I went there for my dads surgery.
at 8 am with empty stomach with doctors approval for the surgery.
till 12 pm they kept asking me Is you are here for the stone surgery?
and I was not there for the stone, it was Hernia surgery LOL
around 2 Pm they did the wrong ultra sound.
then around 6 pm surgery started thanks god.
can you imagine 
8 Am  to 6 PM
They are just money making.
Arrogant Doctors and staff.
cleaning is good though.
but food department won't listen at all.
I asked them for spoon around 8 pm but spoons never came LOL.
nurses keeps chitchatting on phone with their friends.
when ever I ask any nurse please come and see my patient , they always waves their one hand to me and asks me to wait.
and keep talking
Fortis is one of the best hospitals  in Delhi. All the staffs are very enthusiastic and cooperative . Princy sister and  ABI Mol sister and house keeping Pradeep  are very cooperative . Thanks all of you .
THANKS FORTIS....
I  visited Neurology Deptt. today but it was very terrible for me to handle the staff of doctor because they were unable to cooperate but were shouldering the responsibility to doctor or other staff.  Every test reports were available with me but the doctor insisted report of Cardiologist and every test to be repeated.I am unable how the neurologist with depend on the report of cardiologist.  The medicines prescribed were not readable/available with the Pharmicist,hence he gave me the substitute of higher potency. In Delhi everywhere senior citizens are being given 10 percent discount but the Pharmicist did not give.
I had my delivery here . It was normal delivery and I discuss with other fellow patient that they never force for c-section delivery .of course a best hospital in town. Doctors and nurses are  very courteous and helpful !!
Not at all recommended.. Super expensive, do not send reports on time, arrogant doctors. Medical is not a Nobel profession anymore. Once you pay them , they are not even bothered about patient's condition. I paid 13,000 to get only basic blood test done (CBC,widal,LFT & KFT, blood culture). I kept on calling them to send my report but they are hardly concerned.. India should ban these money making businesses.. We don't want 5 star treatment. We want affordable care with compassion. I would not recommend people to get treated here..
